Pete Cooke"s follow-up to the previous space shooter-explorer takes things away from the Tau Ceti setting. Players take the role of a student at an academy for advanced piloting. There they need to solve 20 simulated missions on a wide range of planets.

The self-contained missions mean that the game uses the Tau Ceti structure and theme, without the causality of previous decisions having an effect on later choices. This reduces the complexity of management. Although players can customize the ships, including giving them names of your choice, the game comes with supplied ones include a variety that should suit many different circumstances.

Whichever vehicle is chosen, players will control it from a 1st person perspective and a series of controls. All ships skim over the surface of the planet and feature weapons. Most missions will involve destroying rogue robots enemies. Players will have to dock with buildings to refuel or move on to a different planet.

Continuation of the legendary game Tau Ceti . For those who have played in this miracle, now may be a logical question, consisting of one or two words, but the answer will be given only at the end of the review. So far - about the game. Despite the name, which seems to be displayed continuity with respect to the first part, in fact, these games do not have much in common - especially in terms of surroundings and environment events. Here is the player in the role of student Star Schools (to be precise - the Academy Galactic Corporation) and as part of his training for space pilots must complete twenty training missions. However, the "training" them can only be called a stretch, that is, we should not think it would be easy ... After Star Academy - this is not just an educational institution. It is a place of higher education elite Starfleet, and no other pilots can not compare in skill with its alumni. But what is the cost of obtaining such skill - and you have to learn, passing game. Kind of the game in the first person. Mission is not connected, it is possible (but not too wide) to choose a prior mission ship-skimmer (although there are three preset), something in him to set up (but there is a hard limit in value, and the physical Input your weight improvements, so the choice is to approach very seriously, on the other hand, no one bothers to "remove" some existing items skimmers to place more appropriate for the moment), and even to call it. The fuel in the game of course, it will be necessary to refuel at special stations. Also, the action will take place on different planets, so you may have to look at them teleports. Just fly up to the building to charge or teleportation is not enough - they must be docked, which requires special equipment. Most missions in its global nature is an undistinguished destruction of hostile robots, another thing is that sometimes it is very difficult to achieve, and, of course, the mission by no means limited to this. Enemies here, by the way, as many as nine types, and some of them are not just robots, but also much more interesting (and dangerous) mechanical creation. For fighting with each kind of enemy require special tactics. On the graphical component is also necessary to say a few words. At first glance, it is not very noticeable, but if, flying, take a closer look closely to what happens on the screen, you may get the impression that the structure and various three-dimensional objects in the game! This, of course, this is not of depth based on polygons. In addition, the first part of the inherited play of light and shadow - as the sun moves across the sky or sunset on the horizon of his view of the objects is changed (though not dramatically, of course). Not that there had to be some place sverhdetalizatsiya the world, but still make out what is on the screen, it is possible. The interface is also not particularly difficult. And now go to the very issue that is likely to sound like, "Where?" and "How?". Yes, because until the spring of 2010 DOS-version of the game is at best a curiosity irretrievably lost forgotten era, and at worst - even a myth invented by the fans of the first part of despair. No, in reality, the game was no doubt - for versions for other platforms rarities never been - but here is a version for the PC ... Now it - before you. And there is no final conclusion in this case will not, because it"s just not necessary - can only play and get pleasure from an incredible opportunity to touch this amazing monument gamedev.
