In this coin-op conversion your mission is to infiltrate the alien fortress during 6 levels, and to destroy the fortress and the alien.

Sitting in Ajax H.Q., you must pilot the remote controlled drone ship to do this. The drone represents jet fighter (behind view) and helicopter gunship (top-down view). It may be moved on the screen, fire air-to-air and air-to-ground guns and pow bomb. Limitless hordes of mechanoid invaders, whose sole intent is the total domination of the Earth, will try to stop you. Exit from each level is guarded by the powerful boss, who you should eliminate.

DOS version of the game differs from C64/CPC/ZX version by the number and location of enemies, map of areas, order of the stages, and ability to use different controls to shoot air and ground targets.

Rare ported to gaming machines letalka top-view and side view and foggy plot - could only understand that the Earth is partly (but not entirely) invaded by evil aliens, who have a home somewhere in the castle. The player controls a robot unmanned aircraft, whose mission - to find and destroy the fort, incidentally destroying as much as possible themselves aliens. changing There are two game modes - with a view of the top and side, they our plane has a different shape (side view - a sort of really plane view from above - helicopter). Too few weapons: missiles "air-land" and "air-to-air", and the powerful bomb. The enemies are not particularly diverse (almost all - planes robots), but just an incredible amount, can kill them all - the big question. The game is divided into levels, at the end of each of them - the boss (but they can not really be called a very colorful.) The game supports multiple graphics modes - from Hercules"a to Tandy, and here at last, I must say, it looks pretty good (especially great to get water), although, of course, some special visual wonders expect from it is not worth it. Another interesting fact - is that the DOS-version is superior versions on other platforms, not only in appearance but also in quality: there are more levels, more enemies location, even a little change, the passage of levels and handling (for use of each weapon is a separate button). Verdict - nothing, in general, is special, but for fans of obscure arcade fun as fun for two or three nights more than will fit.
