Alchemy, and that"s it. Ingenious game of turning one element into another, the other in the third, and so many, many times.

Once upon a time ... there Were Men Who Believed That Everything CAN be made \u200b\u200bout of Water, Fire, Earth and Air. But as they went on to experiment they found out that their theory was far too complicated to be really useful for the world to that time. And as we already know, all of these alchemists died out.

Water, Fire, Earth, Air

All of Them?! 

No ... 

A FEW of Them Survived and kept Their Knowledge and wisdom for many, many ... Centuries ... in order to wait until the World Would be Ready for IT.

Well, and one day this moment arrived.

But since books or paper rolls were no longer popular, they decided to make a computer game. And after a long, long time of hard work, programming and debugging the game was finished. And when they sat back and saw that it was good and that it worked, they decided to put it on the internet, so that everybody could find out about their work and their wisdom. But while they had been programming and creating their computer game, the world had developed without their notice ...

How does it work? Very simple. At the beginning of the game you have 4 basic elements: earth, water, air and fire. Them, you can always add to the box by clicking on the + NumPad. Dragging one element to another, we find something new. 

Reactions in the game are very logical and intuitive, though not always imitate real =) What is needed is not so much a logical approach - how much shaped.

As written on the website of the developers: 

"Do not try anything you learn or Find in this game! For example if you start putting aliens into your freezer - just remember: WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE IF THAT DAMAGES YOUR FREEZER, NOR IF THAT CAUSES AN INTERSTELLAR WAR OR MAKES YOUR FAMILY LEAVE YOU!!! \u00bb

Chain reactions are quite long and the discovery of new elements of their number is steadily increasing. In the game have to strain your memory since not always immediately remember that with what you want to combine to get the desired item. 

The game can develop in different areas - chemistry, physics, flora, fauna. Goal - to create a civilization. 
Generally, fans will love the experiments. I swallowed the whole game for a few days.

