Fifty years have passed since the original incident that claimed the lives of one hundred and fifty plus colonists and Colonial Marines. You are a hardened mercenary, hired by a rival company to investigate a rumor that Weyland Yutani has begun to rebuild Hadley"s Hope, the colony destroyed by the nuclear blast from the atmospheric processor of the original compound.

Sent alone, your job is to sniff out the details of just exactly what it is they are up to, while remaining undetected by their large force of Colonial Marines and Bio-Technicians.

Unfortunately, things don"t work out so good! Captured, you are placed in a electromagnetically sealed holding cell and await interrogation. The semi-constructed colony is cold, dark and wet, and days go by before you see anyone besides the rats and roaches that are fighting you for your last morsel of food. Finally, after nearly a week, one of the guys supposedly in charge - a Colonel or some dimwitted quasi-high ranking USCM official - is trying to find out just what the hell you are doing here when all of a sudden a sickening look appears on his face, blood begins to drip from his mouth and he begins to shake violently as he collapses to the floor!  Blood stains appear on his shirt, and you hear the crack of bones as *something* rips its way out of his chest and disappears off into the darkness. Great. 

Now you"ll never getout of here, you"ll probably just starve to death in this cell.  Another two days pass. In the distance you hear a lot of pulse rifle fire, mixed with a lot of yelling, and some quite *inhuman* sounds. It would seem that the rumors about Weyland Yutani may have been true, and that the so-called Xenomorph, something you had only heard about in stories until you saw one rip it"s way out of that colonel"s chest, was being bred in captivity in this so called colony. More like a biohazard waste dump that"s getting out of control! Suddenly, everything goes black....you get up, slide open the now unlocked cell door, and stumble into the darkened room. Grabbing a pistol from the body of the colonel, and a shotgun and motion detector from a nearby storage closet, you set out to get the hell out of here!
