Arcade about Barbie. The plot is simple: Barbie expect a day full of exciting events: she wanted to have dinner, then buy a new outfit, go to the beach and hang out at the end with Ken at a party. Cases, of course, a great deal, so you want a Barbie should get some sleep. So, after reading bedtime book about mermaids, Barbie is immersed in the world of amazing dreams. In this world, consisting, according to "abandonment" of the thirteen levels, and we have to spend a few igrochasov. The levels in the game, I must say, very different and very unique design and performed in acid colors. Well, as you like, for example, walk on the pink hallway, painted with images of funny balls, on which flies hostile sports equipment, and on the floor area located Grandpa Durov (about these animals and how to use them later)? A sort option Weird Dreams for girls. Unlike these Weird Dreams , Barbie - A Fun-filled Adventure is not too complicated: there is a relatively long life bar, and of the enemies in the game (or at least the part of it that I had the courage to master) is not too much, and they are not very scary. But with the weapons of the Barbie things are not very good: in the presence of her is only a bracelet, which has an amazing ability to shoot the three types of objects - namely, candy, hearts and some crystal-thing. The enemies of this good throw useless - still will not work. In fact in the possession of Barbie items are necessary to manipulate the levels baby animals scattered Behold shot, for example, crystal dog, and a girl, apparently oshalev from happening, short norovyaschy heroine hit a tennis ball and rushes into the wide world. Bird, the crystals on the head, starts to fly up and down, and Barbie is possible to jump this bird on his back, and with it - a previously inaccessible platform. And so on. EGAshnaya Graphics (hence the poor color palette), but all sorts of objects drawn wow. There is no music at all, it is substituted by different sounds of PC Speaker"om. Summary. The game belongs to the class of "ordinary arcade", she has a moderate complexity, pretty good graphics with a palette of 16 colors and individual original elements of gameplay. Gamers of Barbie (if any) should be like all the others, most likely, would react towards this miracle igroproma rather indifferently: Arcade and Arcade, except that of Barbie.
