Following ten thousand years of the War of Dominion, the ten mutually battling races found surprise armistice beneath the domination of a single warlord, Hjenlnath, following infiltration of all major powers by his hitherto unknown race of shapechangers.  The political landscape simmers following 30 years of ceasefire, while the city of Seratika in a central Neutral Zone attempts to dictate a lasting peace and resolve disputes.  A hub of activity and adventure, it is also the only place in the world representatives of all major races can be found rubbing shoulders...

Another spin-off from the silly fantasy adventure premise of Legend of the Red Dragon (following the prevalent Noun of the Adjective Noun naming scheme), this BBS door injects an extra dose of filthy whimsy while yielding vastly expanded gameplay options and side-shows more in the vein of Usurper.

Though the fundamental RPG gameplay is a la Progress Quest (i.e. go find monsters... slay monsters... steal treasure... improve equipment... defeat masters... gain levels... raise stats) and remains much the same as its predecessors, it boasts many more nuances within the basic framework -- a huge selection of possible new race / class combinations (including the esteemed "Basket Weaver" -- a conservative tradesman type not suited for adventuring but guaranteed regular income) is only the beginning before you factor in choosing which strange new god to worship, which guild to work under, which magic spells to learn and which equipment to enhance.

If you choose to stay in town, you can build your fortune and reputation gambling and slaying (and laying) other players and NPCs (with optional finishing moves straight out of Mortal Kombat) without ever darkening a dungeon"s doorstep!

The activities of higher-level players ostensibly influence the plot of the overarching gameworld!  As what superficially amounts to a "mature" LORD clone, all in all BOOB is a lot better than it needs to be -- and offers further room to improve with user-contributed in-game modules (or (groan) "implants", two official ones including the Hall of Justice and the Assassin"s Guild.)

Beyond all that, of course, there lurks the shadowy rumour of the Obsidian Baboon itself, waiting to spring itself on unwary players who foolishly think that they"ve figured out everything the game has to offer.
