The review, in contrast to the majority of others, will begin with a description of no merits or demerits of the considered game, and with some entertaining information. To download game Blood on the Floor , which you have now - it is truly a unique opportunity. This game, developed and published in Spain with the English language (but never published in the rest of the world), not on the Internet, and not only as such - even what else about it and do not find. But now another lost piece of history returned to humanity. And it is - even though the game is good or bad - is remarkable in itself. Now, devoting several minutes realization accomplished a miracle, and you can talk a little bit about the game itself. Blood on the Floor - it"s a fighting game, the most common (at first opinion) fighting "arena" type (that is, all the fighting takes place in closed arenas, holding the screen). In contrast to many other representatives of the genre, there is almost no history, and no large number of fighters - they have to choose only two. few words about the story - it is more because, frankly, the plot here is just thinking the most. The action seems to be happening in the future, but not very far. Town (or the world?) Is looking forward to a historical event - the tournament between the greatest warriors whose names - Urotsu and Ykido (despite the sound, they both do not look like the Japanese). The first of them - a man with a huge pumped grinning face and a long beard, the second - less powerful, but much more nimble and a young man in a torn vest and a mask covering the lower part of the face. The first is called the \u00abpolice man\u00bb, second - \u00abstreet man\u00bb, from which it can be concluded that the battle would go between the strongest members of the "Law" and "street." While the game"s graphics are usually commonly described after the description of its other features, this new tradition will be broken (why - understand later). So, the schedule can only say one word - it is amazing. Backgrounds arenas two-dimensional, but drawn very accurately. Themselves as men - fully three-dimensional, with their models in terms of image quality at all can greatly surprised and can not believe that this game - under DOS, because the hairs each and every crease in his pants heroes here looks realistic. And so what is the animation of shadows (!) - It should be easy to see with their own eyes. But here"s what we can say about the game yet? Unfortunately, almost nothing. Yeah, she looks strikingly beautiful - and it looks like most of today"s games: it is inviting facade, behind which, as it soon becomes clear, there is no building. And it"s not that the game only two fighters. Judge for yourself. The weapons in this game are not quite normal - it"s lightsabers are exactly the same as the Jedi from "Star Wars." But to control the heroes they were not particularly good, and there is no alternative in terms of weapons they do not. But most importantly - there is what makes any fighting game fighting game - namely, techniques. And there is not only unique tricks for each character, and there is no reception at all. Only the standard (and completely identical in both heroes) blows with the sword "direct" and "roundhouse", pushing their feet, jumping up, back and forth (the last two are the long jump somersault) and squats. And nothing more. No "combo", no interesting abilities, with the exception that the possibilities for a moment and move to become invisible to the enemy behind his back (which is available for both the heroes and is rarely actually help can not win.) but complement this already not very funny picture even and absolutely zero AI opponent. Even people who have never played in a fighting game, easily able to defeat your opponent on hard (by the way, there are only two levels of difficulty - medium and heavy, with no differences in the behavior of the opponents is not mentioned), generally never without to arms, but only jumping (with a share of luck and precision jumping, enemy wounded, striking him on landing), more than that - it is possible (and it is not that difficult to achieve) at all to drive the enemy into a corner and there is always jump on him, not giving him up. Overall, the gameplay Blood on the Floor - disappointing and do not recognize this, alas, can not. However, it was now only about the single-player mode, while the game supports multiplayer. Perhaps something interesting to build and you can, although management is still quite awkward, and lack of receptions puts an end to the potential beauty of fighting. So, strange as it may sound, Blood on the Floor is enjoyed only visually. There really is a diverse and beautiful backgrounds - from the dark bars to the streets and dark futuristic city landfill - each of which goes through several rounds, so it is possible, in a quickly drove the enemy into a corner and jumping on it, enough to admire the excellent work of designers and artists, which, alas, in a sense, was useless. For more, unfortunately, did not enjoy here what. Technical Information. Control of the game is unusual even for the Spanish game and looks like this. Q - jump back, E - jump forward, W - jump up, A - step back, D - move forward, S - move behind the enemy, X - crouch. Attempts made \u200b\u200bby Alt and Shift while pressing the buttons of their movement. Also be sure to pay attention to the fact that this game - one of the "heavy" for the platform DOS, so play it"ll either under DOS / Windows 9x, or under DOSBox but on a very powerful computer (dual core work, but for a really normal operation needs at least a quad.) game server will StormSpirit86 , for which many thanks to him. El Juego HA regalado StormSpirit86 . Muchas gracias!
