One of the four games of enjoying extremely popular in Belgium and France, but not very well known in the rest of the world (and completely unknown in the CIS), "superhero" from the French-speaking Belgian comics Bob Moran. None of the first three in the version for PC, until recently, it was impossible to find on the Internet - this is real rarities French gamedev. If you try to describe the plot is very short: the action takes place formally in the 1950s-1960s, but is often transferred to other times (in the comics is strong element of fiction), Bob Moran - a Frenchman, a veteran of World War II, a first-class pilot, gunner, an athlete and so on, he fights against evil in the world with his friends, of which particularly noteworthy not far, but more of an physical strength of his main friend Scot Bill Ballantyne, evil in the world Bob Moran presented first Chinese villain Mr. Ming, better known as "The Yellow Shadow" (apparently, despite the fact that the character was invented in 1953, the Belgians did not want to pay tribute to Cold War, and give the main villain"s most popular in those years in the West Country for the category of characters), a brilliant scientist who has discovered a way to travel through time and make every effort to destroy Western civilization, but of course, dashing Moran always stops him. How has been said, about Bob Moran was released four games for computers, but the real popularity of all of them was just the last game, the most technologically advanced and published in many countries and on many platforms: Bob Morane: Ocean , outside of France, known as Operation Neptune . The first game, a much more primitive in all respects, published mainly in the home version of the same for the PC do not go anywhere, except France. plot particular game Chevalerie is: Yellow Shadow went to the XIII century to steal the Shroud of Turin, which he believes will give him the power to destroy the West. Naturally, after that in the Middle Ages, sent Bob Moran. In a large castle he had to confront not only thoroughly modern bandits Yellow Shadow, but also local knights and even bears. gameplay in all three games are more or less identical: the first-person, but moving - horizontally as well as the genre of these games - kind of a virtual shooting range, very similar to the game Prohibition : as soon as possible (because it is time to have a limited amount) to destroy the enemy as soon as it is discovered, until the enemy did the same thing with the hero. Destroyed one - automatically moves to the next room, or where the same continues. Graphics in all three "first" games in the series, including this one, unfortunately, leaves much to be desired, especially when compared with the versions for other platforms, but to make out what exactly is depicted and on the screen, it is still possible. Also note that all the games are in French, but the text in them quite a bit (in fact - just a brief entry in the form of background story, which, for the game itself does not necessarily mean). First, the value of these things, of course, a collectible, but it is possible that for fans of the old virtual galleries of these things are a great gift.
