Brain Artifice is a puzzle game in which the player needs to build combinations out of given blocks. While initially the combinations simply consist of the the same picture or colour, in later levels there are certain patterns to achieve. The blocks are initially divided over the playfield and after grabbing one of them, the player can move it freely over all the unoccupied space. If the block is near another block from the pattern - the detailed requirements change from level to level - it is stuck and can"t be moved anymore. 

When a whole pattern is done, the stones transform into bricks so the player knows it is time to work with the rest of the stones. All this has to be done within a time limit, and unwinnable situations are entirely possible.The game features 100 levels which introduce additional gameplay elements over time, e.g. static blocks, blocks which change their colour or hidden blocks.

Oldtimer puzzle ported to the PC platform with the Amiga. It consists in the following. There is a playing field that is scattered around three types of images (figures they did not call it that). Images of each type is necessary to build a horizontal or vertical line, connecting them to each other by moving across the field, and then the series will disappear and the level will be passed. game does not have a time limit, but has a different, perhaps more terrible restriction - on the amount of movement images at each level (measured in "points", and each time you move the image these "points" are reduced). The further the game - the smaller the number, and the images originally scattered on the field more and more "chaotic", even on the second level of play is hard enough. graphics in games of this genre would not be the estimated (although she performed quite well, and even atmospheric). In general - really complicated, but is really a fascinating puzzle, which could easily make fans of puzzle for a long time to settle down at the screen of the computer, straining the brain in solving another mystery. Plus, of course - a phenomenal rarity game is virtually impossible to get it, so clever lovers of old games should be doubly happy.
