Interesting and very addictive arkadka from Taiwanese manufacturer games Acer TWP, already familiar to us on the game King Kong 10 . Imperishable ideas games Bomberman are endless for the implementation of a variety of options. You play as a little green osminozhika named Booboo. What made \u200b\u200bhim become, legally speaking quite correctly, a suicide bomber traveling - we will remain unknown, but the start-up screen shows that the last effort he fights just for some great idea ... You have the ability to move the stone labyrinth on 2D-map. Stones on the map are of two types: explodes and explodes. The main task of the game - the constant alignment of mine charges (in the context of this game will be more appropriate to use the term "bomb") for paving the way and destroy themselves diverse enemies. At any level of the main goal - to find and blow up the rock under which is hidden the key, then take the key. After finding the key, you are also on another stone to find the hidden switch (in the skull), which, if it a second time to get a charge, you will exit from the level. Oh, and the time you have to look very small - only a few minutes. Properly enclosing charges and hiding behind corners, you can effectively eliminate enemies and make their way in the most difficult locations. But look not prove to be in line with the bomb set by you ... And your character is not so primitive shellfish. He has even elements of the "circulation". Each bonus has enhanced some of your property, namely: the power of the explosion of one charge, speed and number of charges are placed at the same time. The stronger the force of the explosion, the more stones and even enemies behind them proshibet straight your bombs. With reduced time becomes very important optimizations to one explosion you could "make" as much rocks or enemies. These bombs should be installed at intersections corridors, preferably as close to clusters of stones. In addition to leveling bonuses you can also pick up bonuses that affect the timer, acceleration and more. Enemies here quite colorful, all of the order of insects or shellfish. There are flying, crawling or even run fast opponents. Some have the beginnings of visual intelligence and lightning reactions to your person, be near. It is natural that any "close" contact with the enemy ends fatally. Lives "in reserve", you are given three. Sometimes you can pick up a bonus, even responsible for temporary invulnerability. The map has a variety of elements of the environment: the pit, the pyramids, the river, where you can quickly go with the flow. 

Control of the game is quite simple, technically "versatile" and easily customizable: Arrows - move, Enter - set charge. There are functions: to launch a rocket, timer-controlled erosion and fist. The graphics and music performed at a good level. Jauntily theme song in the gameplay did not "bother" and, one might say, even helps fight enemies and find a way to level. Despite the fact that the interface of the game is made \u200b\u200bin Chinese inscriptions with the characters a little. Save, load, start a new game, the keyboard and quit. This game can be played by any user who has not mastered the traditional Chinese language. If the input parameters of force involved in the gameplay, then, I"m sure the Taiwanese arkadka will certainly record for these indicators. Under its simple and fun idea to melt the heart of even the most rigorous and demanding gamer.
