Zulula is a town in the land of Akistar famous for fighting tournaments.  Creatures and warriors from all over gather to enter and prove their worth, while evil plots below... It"s up to the player to challenge the tournament and the evil that looms.

In Champions of Zulula all character types can move in four directions, use two different attacks, jump, and block, with up to four characters participating in a fight at once. Gameplay modes include one-on-one fights (against computerized or other players), a tournament mode, the 20 Monsters Bash, and special boss fights.  The game also contains many offbeat elements such as bizarre playable creatures and quirky dialogue.

Beautiful and extremely rare fighting game with RPG-elements. (!) The action takes place in a fantasy world inhabited by enormous number of races where there is a town called Akistar, famous for its tournaments to deadly battles. Formally, all these tournaments - tournaments honor, whose purpose for each of the soldiers - to prove that he is worth something (although deaths are very frequent contractions). But lately there have been rumors that showed up in the evil that is going to somehow use the event for their own purposes. Therefore, the player as a member of the tournament should not just fight and win, but also to try to uncover a conspiracy. basis of the gameplay - though, of course, fighting game, but a fantasy fighting game and was rather beautiful and fascinating both externally and internally. All characters can move in four directions, jump, put the unit and use multiple types of impacts (including unique), and sometimes it happens that the fights are not one on one, and two by two. The choice, by the way, there are several game modes, among which there is a championship, and single fight (that is, without a role part). There will be amazing in its originality bosses, for which it is impossible to play, and mandatory (yet another role-playing game!) And striking on the "depth" of the dialogue-bickering parties before the fight ... And all of this, I must say, is made \u200b\u200bin different hand-drawn graphics, all characters traced in large, even relatively well, there are some effects (blood, shadows, and so on). Most likely, the game was originally released as shareware, which, alas, prevented this little masterpiece gain the recognition he truly deserves. But now the game gets a second chance, and all those who like a really unusual, fascinating and beautiful old fighting games, to draw his attention to it is necessary.

In the land of Akistar is a town known as Zulula that holds martial tournaments.  Stories of these tournaments have spread across the land, leading to a surge of strong challengers and beasts ready to fight!  The city holds many dark secrets, however, in the form of the Evil Lords who secretly rule.  Can a hero not only claim fame and glory in the tournament, but also rid the city of these horrors?

Champions of Zulula: Elite Edition is an expanded version of OSP"s earlier Champions of Zulula.  It is a slightly different take on the fighter genre with 24 different playable character types, several unique boss enemies, and multiple modes.

Gameplay is somewhat simplistic with each character type having attacks, a jump, and a block.  Arenas can hold up to four combatants at once, with each character being capable of moving on both the x- and y- axes.  Gameplay modes include one-on-one fights (against computerized or other players), a tournament mode, the 20 Monsters Bash, and special boss fights.  The game also contains many offbeat elements such as bizarre playable creatures and quirky dialogue.
