The follow-up to CJ"s Elephant Antics, in which we find that The Hunter has kidnapped CJ"s brothers and sisters and trapped them at various points around the USA. Needless to say, young CJ sets off to rescue them.

The game is a standard platform title, in which you can shoot peanuts at your enemies, or use bombs you collect.

You start with 9 lives, which sounds generous, but the levels are full of spikes and bad guys which can come to get you at any point. The enemies include policemen, Indians, dogs and burly American footballers (quite a stereotypical view of Americans there). Each level has a guardian at the end.

Continuing adventures elephant CJ, beginning from the time of the game CJ"s Elephant Antics . Successfully (and with your help) to get to their native Africa after escaping from trappers, CJ was not destined to enjoy the peace. Vile Hunter (yes, with a capital - Evil Hunter!) Kidnapped her younger brothers and sisters of our hero, who, alas, is not so brave and resourceful as he is, and put them in different parts of the distant United States. And now the brave elephant have to go across the ocean to save his family. game itself - in fact, the same as the first part, just in different "decorations". In CJ just nine "lives" his weapon is the same - an endless supply of peanuts, which he shoots from the trunk, and "nimble bombs" that will look at the levels. As before, we collect bonuses in the form of food, the same levels are now only four, each of which is necessary to save one of his relatives, but their sizes are really huge. Change first enemies - now the police, the Indians, the evil dogs and even the huge players in college football, cowboys and gangsters and fighters of the Ku Klux Klan (), but they all look like opponents in the first part, very funny (except perhaps the last, of which I personally destroyed in a heartbeat.) At the end of each level we are, of course, expect the boss. gameplay features have remained the same, too - have too much and too often jump up on the platforms and blocks, trying to avoid falls and traps, which are presented here in the main spines. Graphically, the game looks just as good as the first, - nice and bright to draw pictures. Therefore, the verdict will be the same as for the previous section, - a wonderful old platformer, colorful, funny, but quite complicated, which, for fans of the genre will probably even more valuable gift than Elephant Antics (find for this game, gently speaking, not so easy).
