CJ the baby elephant has fled captivity, and is desperate to reach his home in Africa. That means trekking halfway around the world, armed only with an infinite supply of peanuts and a handful of bombs (fortunately more can be collected as you go along).

You start with nine lives, but the game"s design is such that a lot of deaths will be unexpected, so prior knowledge of the layouts is essential to get through most sections of the five levels without losing lives. The two-player mode involves the screen following the lead player, so the latter can lose lives by getting too far behind. With lots of precise jumps across vertically-progressing ledges involved, a lot of skill and timing is required.

Wonderful, and even a little "touching" arcade at first glance appear to someone capable of children, but the complexity of more than suitable for even the most "adult" players. Her story can be summed up in one sentence - CJ, a small African elephant, has been kidnapped by poachers and taken far away from home, but he managed to escape from prison by jumping out of the plane on which he was being taken to the zoo. The only bad thing that fly away from their places of his plane had already far away, and our hero was straight into a strange and terrible Europe ... Now his goal - to overcome the five huge levels involving different areas of Europe and Africa, on the way to our home. And in this he was, of course, need your help. Road in native savanna populated myriad of enemies, however, virtually all of them can not be called scary - except that funny (which are nothing but a giant frog, for example!). Since the action takes place, as has been said, in Europe and Africa, and some enemies for "appropriate" areas, for example, lions in Africa and the evil policemen in France (though that Switzerland can do penguins - is unclear.) Naturally, at the end of each level awaits a baby elephant battle with the boss. With enemies you can fight - let our hero weapons and more than unusual: infinite ammo peanuts (!), which he shoots from the trunk. There is a more serious weapon (because of which the game can not be considered such a good) - "nimble bombs" (of course, designed in the tradition of old foreign cartoons), but early in the game they are very few, but then you can find out more and pick up them that well. elephant, unfortunately, is still small and weak - he can be killed by the enemy the slightest impact. Number of lives here, it would seem, quite significant - at the start of the game we are nine of them - but after a few screens comes the understanding that it is not so. First of all - the abundance of deadly traps, many of which are completely invisible for the first time. In general, once a person playing in CJ Elephant Antics for the first time, the game did not go exactly as many treacherous places can only remember in order to successfully pass them later. And there always have to jump (that is actually the elephants are not very typical, no one cares) up to all sorts of small platforms in order to progress further, and jump there is sometimes very difficult, and any fall in here - too death ... Well at least the hero is an umbrella, where you can fly over the precipice. game also supports multiplayer for one computer - but he realized unusual! There will be no split-screen, and the player that controls the second elephant (dressed in a yellow jumpsuit, in contrast to the "real" hero of the game, dressed in red), follows him at a distance. In this case, the screen shows only what is visible to the first player, and the second was to play blind! This has not been implemented in games, either before or after. Yes, I"m sure many will say that this approach is killing multiplayer in the game, but for some "senior" players the chance to be an incentive to learn the game thoroughly, so that later, even knowing how many seconds or minutes from the start of the game will be this or that trap really play with my eyes closed, showing phenomenal workshop. Graphically the game looks no masterpiece, but it is quite good: a side view of a bright palette, the quality of painting on top. Verdict - nothing unique, but it is still very interesting, nice, kind, and almost at the same time is really difficult game that any connoisseur of old platformer certainly get a lot of pleasure.
