In Club & Country the player is the coach of a English soccer team and is in charge of the athletic and financial success. He starts in the Third Division and eventually becomes the English national coach.On the financial side he can buy and sell players, expand the stadium and fire or hire other staff like a groundskeeper. On the athletic side the main aspects are the training and the large tactical possibilities which can be set for every player. 

The matches are displayed in a screen where the lineup of the player"s and the enemy"s team is given. There is no animation but there is a text commentary on the bottom of the screen. The player is able to make tactical changes during the game and substitute players. When a special event happens, e.g. a goal, a still in comic graphics is displayed.

Football manager simulation with elements of the actual football, which is hard to speak about something special. All, in principle, as always, the player acts as a coach a little-known team third division English league, his task - to move his team to a certain level, that he then entrusted the team better, and as a result - to coach the national team. Although, of course, financial gain is also a goal, if not the main one. Managerial part of the game - it is a transfer of players, management to expand and improve their own stadium and the hiring and dismissal of members of the coaching staff of the team. Coaching part - is the development of tactical schemes and organization of training players, who are able to focus on improving certain skills of each of them. Matches in the game is, but presented in a very conventional plot: full view from the top, all the players - in the form of conditional notation, that is, pictures really did not. Directly match, of course, can not be controlled, but you can always change my formation or replace the player. The very picture of the field did not really change, but at the bottom of the screen there is a text comment on the situation. When score a goal (or just a case of a dangerous moment) - The graphics appear. And these painted inserts, perhaps, is the main advantage of the Club & Country , because they are made \u200b\u200bin a very amusing and comical manner where players look ridiculous long-nosed man with surprisingly emotional faces. In principle, the insert (with the same characters), there are other points in the game - for example, in the negotiations with the coach of another club on Transfer. And that their presence actually makes the game, as all the other moments, though performed well, but does not distinguish it from a huge number of similar. Final verdict - you can see, but first and foremost collectors of football managers (this game - perhaps the most representative of the rare sub-genre).
