Cobra, the space pirate hero of Buichi Terasawa"s comic and TV series, receives a message from Dominique. Dominique is held prisoner by the evil Salamandar, and Cobra, along with his cybernetic assistant Lady (or Harmanoid, as she"s called in the game"s French), must rescue her.

You start the game, and enter an isometric arena. You control both Cobra and Lady, each equipped with a gun. Shoot at everything that moves, and try to find the exit of the multidirectionally scrolling arena. As a backup weapon, you have also a set of five grenades to throw at troublesome enemies. Being hit once or twice is no problem, for you have a rather well-stocked energy bar. Controlling two characters at once means that you may be separated while rounding a corner or another obstacle, but the obstacles can also be used to regroup into a tighter or wider formation, depending on your choice of tactics.

This tie-in uses a high resolution, at the cost of colours, to animate the screen with a high detail. Sounds is quite minimal, with no in-game music and simple sound effects. All in all, the game plays like a slower, isometric Gauntlet without the powerups.

A rare and even officially non-existent port on a PC arcade-exclusive platform for Amstrad CPC based on the unknown futuristic Japanese anime. The protagonist of the game - a space pirate named Cobra (Cobra), acting together with his companion Lady Harmanoid, a female robot. In this game, their task is to rescue Dominique, sweetheart Cobra villain Salamandar"a from captivity. game itself - at first glance psevdoizometricheskaya arcade shooter (perspective view is very unusual.) The basis of the gameplay - the destruction of any moving objects and finding the door to go to the next screen. No extra lives, as well as bonuses at all (!), But there is a pretty decent supply of "life force" (ie right here you will not be killed). Interestingly another - in this game you have to control both characters at the same time, constantly switching between the two, because both have the same time to fight and use weapons available only to them. As an "extreme" weapons used grenades - five pieces for each character. The game also has elements of stealth and tactics that can not call its primitive: we are often on the screen will appear all sorts of obstacles that can be overcome, but you can hide behind them and fire at enemies from there (and it is sometimes very important). Also quite important in the game play wall - when you approach them, then control characters for some reason a few changes. It is important to choose the right path on each wall - otherwise you can end up in a death trap. Graphically, the game looks at least curious. Backgrounds are not at all the character models and objects are traced not matter, but in all this there is some kind of unique charm. However, the game will be fun, most likely, only collectors.
