Platformer, which you can now pick up a, is a phenomenon not only unique, but a completely unprecedented. This game is almost impossible to find any sort was the information as if it did not come out into the light and does not appear almost in any database on the games, the history of mankind as its acquisition by itself like an exciting detective. But the issue we will return, but for now is to say a few words about the game. So, somewhere in the universe there is a mysterious red planet called Swandah. Its caves, rumored and legends are keeping the huge treasure, guarded by terrible monsters and demons, with which, by the way, and the entire planet is inhabited. Many heroes of the universe trying to find the treasure, but did not return alive either (the question, where then do we know about the treasure - rhetorical). Our character - one of those brave courageous, who decided to prove that to overcome all the dangers Swandah"a - maybe. The name of the hero no. Why is the game called Cold Dreams - also unclear: ice and cold on the planet not seen action like that on is the most real. However, neither the weak plot, or - even more - the name of the game has never been a platform for the main character. The first thing is to start the real story of the Cold Dreams , - is its unique game world. It"s not even steampunk, it"s more heterogeneous and yet surprisingly coherent. Imagine a planet where robots co-exist at the same time the dinosaurs, the terrible future technology and magic, as well as a variety of monsters and enemies - from dragons and "Aliens" from the mythology of ancient Egypt (in the game, by the way, this topic is strong - there is even an Egyptian level) to medieval knights and absolutely incredible creatures that have no name. The entire game world is divided into three huge scene - a great desert caves, Green and Red Cave Maze, the game can start with any of them, in every episode - four very high level, and each level consists of multiple screens, sometimes very strongly differing a. Let the word "cave" Do not be fooled - this is just a formal name, the action will take place on the surface. Your character looks like a mix of the ancient and futuristic barbarian kosmoletchika - from his clothes only brown "shorts" and a metal helmet strange shape, then it will be possible find armor (also rather futuristic). The essence of the gameplay is not much different from the hundreds of other similar games - you fight monsters, collect weapons and bonuses, solve simple puzzles, open the door and look for exits from the screens. weapons only five knives, axes, magic charges, fire outbreaks and flying bomb. All the weapons in the game of course, as the amount at a particular level, it is important to examine as soon as possible, at any enemies that works better, and to expend ammunition sparingly. Particular attention should be paid to the bombs: the fact that in addition to the destruction of enemies, they sometimes need to be exploded and the walls - some of the places you can go just like that. And if you find yourself in a situation without the bomb, the game will not be able to pass, will have to commit suicide (in the game possible) and start over. In addition to the weapons there is also a bonus of several species. Those that can be used for combat include shield (in fact - reinforced armor) bomb (not to be confused with the flying bombs), protection from lightning, ammunition for the robot and the actual robot (!). "PLOT" bonuses are gold and silver keys with which to open the doors of two different types. Shield is necessary to protect against a particularly fearsome enemy ranged attacks, from which it is difficult or impossible to escape, but to use it all the time will not work. Bomb explosion will destroy all enemies on the screen of all kinds, but this thing is rarely encountered. Lightning protection is necessary, first, to attack some enemies-ball, and secondly - to pass on some screens, which are generators of fireballs (there without it does not go further.) We should also address the issue of the last two bonuses - a robot and ammunition for it. Yes, in this game you can find a friendly little robot that will go with you and will help you - or rather, such robots will be met for the game several times. The appearance of the robot - event though very rare, but important: if you met him - make sure that this is no accident, therefore, a game without him in this part does not go through. When you join you get a robot the ability to switch in the management plan between the protagonist and him, as the robot must have their ammunition (separate bonus) for the battle with the enemy. The robot is needed, for example, in order to make their way to different places inaccessible to the protagonist to perform all sorts of useful things out there to help you beat the game. Robot can kill, and if he did not have time to fulfill his destiny at this point - that all, the game is lost. One of the main advantages of the Cold Dreams - it certainly enemies, that is, those beings we meet here. We must recognize that the game"s developers have given full freedom to your imagination, because such a vast and magnificent bestiary in one game can be found rarely. With particular weakness they apparently had for the flying creatures: among our opponents will be a lot more of a huge dragon, giant evil butterflies and dragonflies, and other creatures of the air. However, a lot of ground and the enemies are, for example, it is usual to create - such as medieval knights with various weapons, and there are absolutely incredible - for example, is essentially a human leg with an elongated head cobra top. But AI enemies here, perhaps even surprising their appearance and diversity - they"re just fantastic smart and not just the rod on the hero, but act tactically and can even coordinate their actions. Many of them want a really personal approach, both in terms of attacks on them, and in terms of avoiding their attacks. Some monsters may well surprise - so, after the death knights become filled with bonus boxes. But this - a pleasant surprise, and there are a lot of unpleasant, of which the chief - what monsters in this game often first invisible, then suddenly attacked from the most unexpected places. And not just because of the angle, or pit, and from the walls, torches, or even out of nowhere (ie, out of thin air). Safest places in the world there is a terrible, we must always be on guard. Finally, we should mention the stunning interactive game world: for example, there is a strange pyramid that can be destroyed (but only for a while - then they will recover) to get out bonuses keys, yet there is a kind of electrified portals through which we should try to pass, through the green has a chance to pass through the red - no. Not only is the need to pre-activate the portal to go through them, so activation of one portal can mean automatic (de) activation of a similar portal in some other place at the level (not the fact that on the same screen). This brings to the game complexity. tell about the gameplay of the game can be a long time, but just to tell will not work - there just too much. Better touch on short schedules - and only to mention her beauty and perfection. Truly, this is the case, when a great game is great all over. Cold Dreams was released in 1995 and is a fine example of the "heavy" a platform for DOS. Yes, there is still 2D (which is good), but clarity of drawing such that virtually unparalleled - even small cracks on the stone walls and the shadows made \u200b\u200bso great that the world seems alive. A variety of locations themselves, when, after a futuristic laboratory, we find ourselves in the Egyptian tomb or dense jungle inhabited by monsters? .. Total do not tell. We can only sum up: this time in front of us - a gem of the genre, it turns out, of course, a perfect score, which should not miss any oldgeymer general, and not just a fan of the genre. Return to humanity Cold Dreams - a truly historic event, and we can only mourn a little about what it has not happened before. PS: mythical history of discovery games: German developer and gamer J\u00fcrgen Hoffman once bought at a flea market floppy with this game, which is not were no markings, and the accompanying manual. The game was in German, and he loved madly, it will anglofitsiroval it and put it to the Internet, so it was detected.
