"Computer Trivia Quiz is a learning game for people of all ages, computer skill, education level, and user experience. The program allows the user to test his/her knowledge of computer terms, computer history, our famous and not so famous founders, ground-breaking events, trivia, etc. Computer Trivia Quiz is written for those who wish to become more computer literate.

The range of subjects is wide. They cover computing from the stone age (Stonehedge) to questions about DOS (name a command new to DOS 3.3). The questions are designed to provide an enjoyable exercise in learning about early microcomputers (remember the Altair?), the various computer models (what was the first operational electrical DIGITAL computer?), individuals important in computer history (who was the first programmer?), computer inventions, their inventors & trivia (like how did the name Winchestor come up for hard drives), software (who wrote Applewriter?) and much much more!!!

Computer Trivia Quiz is organized as multiple choice game in which up to six players can play. When answering a question, the player can look at the ""hint"". The hints are full of useful information and make an enjoyable reading and learning tool! Questions, hints and answers (correct and incorrect) were written with the intended goal of increasing the users understanding of computers, no matter what level of computer knowledge and sophistication the individual user possesses.

Those that are experts with computers can learn interesting things from this program. Beginners can quickly develop a literacy about computers which will surely amaze their friends. Do you know what kind of a bug the first computer bug was? (hint: it was alive and crawled into a relay...) Try this program!!! We think you will agree that there"s lots of neat things in this one!!! We believe you will have fun! Guru level individuals looking for a challenge should set the time limit to 10 seconds and see how many questions in a row they can get correct."
