September 3rd, 2015: 7:32 PM

Why is everybody dying? Could it be that the invincible media are encouraging unprotected sexual intercourse and immorality? The AIDS virus still spreads like a fire, and the American President could also be behind this conspiracy! Why is this even happening, or why suspect the president? Let"s get to the story:

According to statistics, a huge debt will eventually corrupt the entire American society. The predicted debt will be sixty-trillion dollars! President Cannon noticed it had a lot to do with the recent population explosions in the United States. He eventually concluded that the cause of the problem, is too much people in this country. What"s a better way to control it? More abortions? Reduce birth rate? Perhaps something more evil like pretending to go along with it? Why reduce God"s people at all?

If legalized abortions caused so much controversy back in the late 20th century, imagine what the new law "Reduce Birth Rate to One" (or RBRTO) caused in mid April, 2011. This recent law has created more controversy than any controversies combined! It"s also the most violated law of all time. Unfortunately, the RBRTO will be with us for a while, since it was forced by the Legislature, the Executive, and the Judicial. This all originated with the ACLU, but that"s another story. This proves once again, that money was their main priority and USA can easily be corrupted.

Each female legally may have ONLY one child or none. This also meant that having twins, triplets, etc. was unlawful. This of course, is what caused the giant controversy, since ONLY one child could be chosen to flourish. Having more than one child without a valid birth certificate(s) that are younger than April 1, 2001 12:00 AM EST, constitutes a felony to the RBRTO.

Since nothing has worked on controlling the population, something more malicious has been resorted to softly "control" the population. Could it be to reduce the AIDS propaganda, and to thwart the medical experts finding the cure for it? EXACTLY! The president knew this was an evil confidential ordeal, but something had to be done. At the same time, he believed that letting the population grow more was malicious to our limited earthly resources. Is this a good or evil choice?

The only real way to crack this conspiracy was to claim to have found the cure for AIDS, and living proof of it. The cure for AIDS has been found in DarkDread City of California! DarkDread City is a city built in 2008, due to the heavy population. It wasn"t all that beautiful, but it was still livable to the doctor who found the cure for AIDS! The doctor"s daughter wasn"t too thrilled about it, since she has heard the same thing several times before. The doctor"s daughter name is "Alexa"

Alexa Cullers, AKA Cyber Chick, had a conspiracy theory in her recent nightmare. She also realized that it was ridiculous enough for men still not able to find the cure for AIDS. When she looked up some reference on her old father"s friends, it said they were either missing or deceased!

These missing doctors were also trying to find the cure for AIDS as well as Alexa"s father. Alexa kept having multiple thoughts that the governments know something about the missing doctors. She also thought it was just a silly elaborate dream. Then later on, when she paged her father, she found out he was missing! She passed this conspiracy theory to her friends on the internet, including her long distant friend, Clinton. She also believed this was a serious concern for the FBI to know about, but she doesn"t know if she can trust them as well.

She tried finding her father quietly, but she couldn"t find him. She used her father"s lab for looking up leads and clues on her father"s possible presence. Unfortunately, nothing has been found on her father. It"s been weeks later, and still nothing on her father. Later on, she decided that the only way to find him was to think just like her father. She decided to learn through his basic material, then his recent material on AIDS.

Alexa thoroughly looked through her father"s material on the recent research on AIDS. It appears her father had found a vaccine to reduce the AIDS to a minimum! He mentioned that the entire vaccine formula is contained in four separate potions near his lab table. It mentioned that the four liquids in separate potions had to be separated for a much longer life span of each ingredient. It was to keep each ingredient sustaining for years, for further testing. If they were combined, it would only be effective for up to eight hours, so vaccine injection had to be done immediately, after combined.

The weird thing about the potions, is they"re missing! She knew her father keeps all his potions within the lab. After she tells her online friends about the potions, she starts to wonder if spreading the news on her father"s potions was a big mistake. Now she starts to wonder. She locks up everything in her house, and adds an armlifting electro gun to her arm for extra protection.

The next four hours, when she was stressing for her father"s return, she became tired, laying uncomfortable on the couch with her father"s recent papers on AIDS. Then she finally went to sleep. When Alexa rested for ten minutes, something mysterious happened to her body; it made her really strong! She apparently woke up and realized someone intended to dart-poison through her arms! It appears that the poison is definitely not a poison. It made her really strong in fact. This still angered her enough to snap without thinking twice. Immediately she knew she was on her own to find the cure for AIDS. She decided to let nothing get in her way, and get those potions back!

When she looks outside from the window of the lab, there lies a huge space colony floating in the sky! Of course something was going on! Not only that, but everyone that is usually roaming the streets are missing! Unfortunately, the ship is too high in the sky, so she goes back inside immediately, and increases her power to the maximum in the lab. She now has a gun, stronger body, and unlimited general electro beams. The quest goes on from there..
