Something has gone horribly wrong at Genoq Biolabs, Singapore. You"re just a courier, sent to the building to deliver a package. Now you"re trapped inside, the security system has gone crazy, genetically engineered organisms are on the rampage and things look like they could get even worse...

Make your way through 10 floors of isometric action and puzzles, trying to stay alive and discover what"s going on. Talk to and rescue survivors, pick up armaments and log into computer terminals. What caused the Genoq disaster? What"s inside thevital package you"ve got to deliver? What is the D/Generation? And what is really waiting for you on the top floor of the building?

Based on the famous Looney Tunes cartoon characters, the game is educational action for the kids.

You are Daffy Duck, and this time you are a Private Investigator (P.I.). The letters are escaped from their words and scattered, where they want. You should find the missing letters and fill the words with proper ones to complete your job successfully and to collect a great amount of money for this not simple task.

Completing different themed locations, Daffy will progress from one location to another. Each location represent a single screen, where letters are scattered in random places as well as different words located. You should collect the letter and bring it to proper word. When all words are filled the location will be passed, and Daffy will be allowed to proceed further. Also different enemies such as Elmer Fudd, Sylvester J. Pussycat, Yosemite Sam, or Wile E. Coyote are present on locations. They want to kill Daffy, but Daffy can also make them stunned with different weapons, such as bananas or eggs.

Bonus levels are present between locations. Such levels are time-oriented and represents the matrix of the letters. You should mark the letters one by one to get a word. Each word will give you points. And each thousand of points will give you life, which you may loose on locations, therefore you should find as much words on bonus levels as possible.

There are 3 difficulty levels and High Score table to store the most impressive results in the game.
