Dark Moon is a typical space shooter, based on a rules common in arcades.

Just like in other side-scrollers, the player controls a space ship, moving from left to right side. The ship is armed, though initially the fire power is rather low. Fortunately, for every alien spacecraft destroyed, we are being rewarded with hard cash. This can later be used in the shop, to buy more powerful weapons, bombs or protective shields.

The battle is being fought in 3 environments: outer space, enemy planet, and the base. Each of these is divided into 4 sections.

The game features full motion video sequences for intro and outro.

This game, perhaps - very clear illustration of the fact that we all associate with the word "amateurish", but only in the best sense of the term. Also worth noting that the game is a seemingly ordinary kosmostrelyalku-scroller with the graphics on the 256 colors that look in 1996, to put it mildly, a bit old. Quite a bold move on the part of developers and publishers - to come up with a game of this genre on the market in those years. But in terms of gameplay the player there is for a very unusual decision ... I"ll start with the fact that "amateurism" here are most noticeable, perhaps, only in audio files. Yes, the game has voice-guided interface items on the menu, for those years, looks very interesting and modern. Also present voiced mini-briefings before each level. Judging by the not very professional diction, these audio files sounded developers themselves. The game even has an interesting entry and the final movie. Unfortunately, I did not understand the "plot" of the gameplay, as the story in the intro and all the voice messages in the game were made \u200b\u200bin the Polish language. Graphics. Well, but here "amateurish" does not even smell. What then is there not fantastic backdrops with beautiful space theme. The first question - where to draw as much artistic imagination of the developer to paint such beautiful pictures that are in continuous strip scroller? Although the dark blue with violet hues palette and presented in 256s, but all the stylized backdrops was under age 16 color graphics - the same spot alternating fill ghosting and color transitions. This is probably done to preserve the old tradition of the games of this genre. And it looks just fine. And what only different patterned forms here are all sorts of flying by meteorites ... The gameplay is easy draws. I must say that, in contrast to the "classic" when the space ship can fire straight ahead, the player then waits a little surprise: you can shoot not only forward, but also to the side (or rather, up and down the screen). This is necessary in order to "knock out" extra points by flying by objects. That is eye works in two directions: basically - right where you need to just fight my way, and in two more - up and down. Usually large meteorite tamp first direct shot, and then finally destroyed pair of lateral lines at the end of his flight across the screen. All of this brings you bonus points. There are, as in any self-respecting game, the table records. In general, you have three left the boat. For one ship allowed a maximum of five major clashes hit or damage, which are displayed in the form of hearts. As an alternative weapons, in addition to shots from the laser can be used bombs (press Tab). According to its effect clearly thermonuclear call them "bomb" was not quite right. One application of such a bomb - and objects on the screen burn in "nuclear" flash: of course, everything except your ship. All you are given five bombs. And there just is not any ships - all colors, shapes and colors. They are made \u200b\u200bwith the motion along different trajectories and different principles of shooting. The action takes place in three fundamentally different locations: space, base planet. In each location there are several levels. The purpose of the game is simple - to pass all levels and take pride of place in the table of records. Developers from Poland once again proved to all that are able to develop their own high-quality games of various genres and trends. Despite the fact that the game is made \u200b\u200bentirely in Polish, there is absolutely no obstacle to a good and exciting gameplay, spiced with beautiful and high-quality graphics. The only "disadvantage" - is that at the beginning of each level on the oral Polish explains your job. However, this is more of a game a formality, because what you must, you will understand and so - without briefing. I therefore recommend that the Polish "kosmostrelyalku" all gamers, especially the true connoisseurs of the genre of old computer games.
