Dark Sun: Wake of the Ravager is the sequel to Dark Sun: Shattered Lands. Although it has the same engine and basic gameplay as the original game, the graphics have been improved considerably with larger character sprites, etc. Like its predecessor, this game is a departure from the earlier Gold Box Dungeons & Dragons games and is more akin to Baldur"s Gate. Instead of a first person "maze game" focusing on dungeon crawling, the game has a third-person top down view with more of a focus on interacting with the characters and environment.

The game takes place from a top down perspective from which the player views the world from above, and they control their character"s actions with a mouse-driven icon-based point-and-click interface similar to those used in adventure games. Combat takes place on the same screen/environment as the normal adventuring portion of the game, and is turn based where the player issues their commands and then the computer issues its commands.

Dark Sun: Wake of the Ravager follows from Dark Sun: Shattered Lands, taking place on the barren burning wasteland planet known as Athas. Characters from the first game can be imported. After defeating the Drajian Army in the first game, the party journeys to the recently liberated city of Tyr whose evil Sorcer-King Kalak was recently slain. Although freed from Kalak"s Tyranny, Tyr is now defenseless against the ambition of the Dragon (Athas" resident Ultimate Evil). The Dragon sends his powerful undead general the Lord Warrior to Tyr to conquer it and prepare for his coming. The player"s characters hook up with a rebel underground known as the Veiled Alliance and must oppose the Draxans and the Lord Warrior, all the while they are secretly being observed by the Dragon through his crystal ball thingy (he makes various nasty comments about their progress during the map load screens). The party soon learns that the Dragon may be the least of their worries, however, as it becomes apparent that the Lord Warrior has his own hidden agenda and intends to unleash a long dormant monster of immense destructive power upon the world.
