Designasaurus is an educational simulation game set in the far future. It enables the player to create (build) custom dinosaurs and then walk (control) them through all five ecosystems. The designed dinosaurs can also be printed.

Another unique rarity on our website - DOS-version of the arcade half and half learning game, which used to be published only on the Amiga and Apple IIgs. At Designasaurus has three game modes (even though those can be called only two of them): "Walking with Dinosaurs , "" creating a dinosaur "and" printing dinosaur. " A kind of "learning" is the second mode: it several fossils (skull, neck, trunk, tail) the player is invited to create your own dinosaur (although the real educational value in relation to obtaining knowledge from a fossil hybrid triceratops and stegosaurus still a big question ). The third mode - the same printing - is the ability to print to the printer has received in the previous mode "creation." main interest is, of course, the first mode, arcade mode called "walk." Here the player can choose one of the three (thankfully realistic) dinosaur - triceratops, stegosaurus or a Tyrannosaurus rex, which he needs to push through five screens-levels representing different ecosystems (eg, swamp). Despite the fact that the game is a time-advertised as "child" and "simple", this mode is, perhaps, can be unusually challenging for adult players. His main problem is that, despite the limitations of each level-era single-screen and that move our Dinosaur (side view of the game) can be relatively fast, health protagonist falls just with catastrophic speed. The reason - he wants to eat. While playing for the T-Rex (the simplest case) to keep it so that he faced the herbivorous dinosaurs on the screen (which appear from time to time and are able to go to the side), with the game well for the remaining two herbivores - so that they get away from predators and This would fall on those plants that they are suitable for human consumption. Upon successful completion of all five levels of the player will be given a "Certificate of Appreciation" for help dinosaur in its survival, which then can be printed too. graphics in this game is not bad, but compared to the other versions of the platforms did not particularly outstanding. Process of killing other T. rex dinosaurs exists, but is shown as quickly and arbitrarily, in a separate announcement of the game indicated that it does not contain violence. All in all - a curious thing, but for older players interest is, of course, only its arcade mode. PS: In addition to all the above, the game has an enormous collection value - now find it on the Internet is impossible.
