Amazing artifact German gaming industry, about which very little is known on the Internet. More precisely, the information is, but that is not enough. Thus, the exact date is not known, even the game - there is only the information that it made \u200b\u200bone person who did not in 2000, not in 2001, laid out the full version of his creation to the Web for free download, and when the game was originally made \u200b\u200bas a spread to this - is unknown. By genre this game belongs to the direction of action-adventure and consists of two episodes with a different story, the first of which eight levels, while the second - eighteen. The action takes place in a fantasy world, and your character - just graduated from the Academy of magic magician Kayrtan. The plot of the first episode is that he needs to get into the castle the evil wizard and take there a crystal ball to help heal from a mysterious fatal illness of his beloved, the second story - Kayrtanu to save his friend from the clutches of "evil forces." The atmosphere in the game a few Series like Heretic-Hexen and Witchaven , but still much different from them. And the gameplay is different in two episodes: in the first he, like Hexen II , largely based on the solution though not very complex, but still not always obvious puzzles and riddles, in the second they are almost there, but the opponents become much more. The game has several types of weapons: dagger, sword, bow, and much more unusual, including fireballs and even "rat trap." Unfortunately, not regulate how much life is left in the hero, nor is injured if the monsters (at least visually or auditory), plainly impossible (not even a strip of "life" on the screen - to see it, you need to press F2, and no other monitoring of the condition is not in principle), the process of switching weapons are implemented are not too comfortable, but in the game, which is typical for more adventure, there is a full inventory, opened by the same key F2. Separately, it should be noted opponents: they are strong enough and do not so very stupid as this "scourge" are small monsters, crawling along the ground: they are extremely difficult to get any kind of weapon, and they can easily kill, so if at all possible, to deal with them is recommended to install the very rat traps . graphics in the game somewhere on the level of "a little better - in some places - the Heretic one ", but it should be noted, amazing quality and atmospheric. If you like dungeons, caves, castles and mystical kind of forest, this game should you just loved it. It should also be noted that the game was distributed only in Germany, so no matter what other languages \u200b\u200bdo not translate. The text, however, there is only the background for each of the episodes, designed in the form of turning the pages of an old book, but reading it is not strictly necessary for the gameplay. Overall - a very nice and unusual thing, worthy of praise, as is one of the very few fantasy action"ov.
