- What, again some toy MASTERING? - I asked, seeing on the screen is painfully familiar DOSBox window and running within a colorful figure. - "Some kind of ..." Well it"s The Dragon"s Power ! The power of the dragon, in! Curiosity, what to look for! - He answers, as always, his eyes on the coveted emulator. - The Power of the Dragon, you say? - Dubiously shook his head. - Bring all your dragons, fantasy all ... Although tell me whether that detail. Maybe something really worthwhile. - A, interested! That"s the same! - Cleverly narrows his eyes. - Look, I"ve got not just a dragon. Vaughn and a knight in armor on it sits. Horned helmet you see? - Well, see ... Where we fly, then? And why? - Fly, brother, from the bottom up. And why - even ask unseemly be ashamed. There is so much to us on the side of all creatures fray. Only manages to shoot. At least the fire-breathing dragon. - Exactly ... fire-breathing - I agree, looking at the small window carefully. - What are you picks for icons all the time? Some light on one drawn. At the other things not in our written ... Speed, or what? - Yes, Speed. Speed, that is. Look, my dragon is even and strong and powerful, and the knight on the backs of drags, but all the same animal is a rare, lonely. One such a volatile crowd reptiles can not cope. But in a lot of tremendous strength, if the time to pick up badges. Ate a plate \u00abSpeed\u00bb, immediately became faster. Picked up a picture with a spark - and ... himself look, which metamorphoses happen, hehe! Indeed, deftly picked up a gray box with a beautiful pattern, flying lizard was spewing flames even faster, and gets inadvertently under fire jet opponents disappeared in bright flashes almost immediately. - Hoo, good not bad ... Impressive. Wait, what is this stuff got out on the screen? On the opposite side to our rider is fast approaching strange flying serpent. His body is composed of bluish balls and triangular head casts an ominous green. - It"s not crap, it"s the boss! - Proudly replied my friend. - By the way, to get to this is not very easy. You and your kazualki has long lost form, just could not. - So and lost - I grumble, but do not enter into a dispute, fascinated by the spectacle of the air battle. Blue-green serpent circling around the screen, the annoying spitting dragon lavender bunches, and our brave hero rushes to the attack, deftly avoiding retaliation. Several exact hits - and a mighty enemy is defeated, and the dragon was flying over a desert canyon, fighting against new enemies and new ... - That"s it! One hit - the death, the level first. But this stuff - laughing my friend, continuing to play. - You better see how everything is beautiful! Look, what a nice music! That your vaunted shader shmeydery when this figure is that the eye rests! I tell you, and your children are in Dragon"s Power will play. And thank casually those sort of treasure saved from oblivion. - Hmm ... - I vaguely revoke, not daring to protest. "The power of the Dragon" was uncomplicated, but they are not less exciting game, and I was glad he took with him a floppy to get hold of a copy. Maybe not here any special frills, and the plot is unclear, and the levels of tricky ... But our brother-oldgeymeru importantly still atmosphere and soul. And this is exactly what The Dragon"s Power can boast.
