Drag Race Eliminator is a drag racing simulation. In the game the player controls one of 5 different types of drag racing cars and needs to win races against either a human or computer opponent. The player controls the throttle and can shift; depending on which car is being used there are either 2, 3, or 4 gears. The winner of each race is the car to cross the finish line first; the start is signaled by a green light, but if a car starts prior to the green light it is disqualified. The game is intended to be authentic to the sport of drag racing and like the real thing times the races to 1/1000 of a second. The game includes national drag racing records as of the year it was released as the defaults in the high score table; if the player is able to beat any of these records, his name will be added to the list accordingly (it is also possible to restore the list to the defaults).

Simulator sprint racing sports cars (the so-called "Drag Racing") and at the same time - one of the few racing games on the PC; became available to the public recently. Description of it, unfortunately, is rather short. There are five cars to choose from, meaning the game - to come to the finish line before rivals. You can play against the computer or against another person. In the game you can change gear, of which there are three. Among the interesting features - very accurate fixing finish on time, the possibility of disqualification in the event of a false start (start the race in the game designated for green stripes, but can formally start and up to this point, that"s just not worth it ) and the availability of information about the game world records in such races as the year of release. If a player turns to beat any of these records, his achievement also appears in this list. Graphics in PC-version in two variants CGA-palette, but, although inferior graphics version with C64, as a whole still looks quite decent . Appearance in the game in the third person behind. The setting is not particularly detailed, but here"s the machine carefully drawn and quite funny. In general it is good or not - nothing special, but first, for those who appreciate old races will definitely be interesting, and secondly - a valuable collector"s item.
