In the future, the world is controlled by corporations rather than governments, and wars are fought in a dream world rather than in reality.  The corporations can control dream demons to defeat their foes, but resistance fighters still defy them.  The player is one of these resistance fighters hoping to rescue some friends from the control of Ocular, the mightiest of all dream demons.

Gameplay is somewhat reminiscent of Xenophobe, with the player moving through side-scrolling, space-station-like environments shooting at an endless onslaught of strange creatures.  By making good use of power-ups and gaining access to new levels, the player can eventually find Ocular, which can only be defeated if all six of its eyes are shot closed.

Kiberpankovym game with great story, but, unfortunately, almost ruined the unsuccessful implementation. in the relatively near future, the world is ruled cruel and terrible mega-corporations that are using technologies that are beyond understanding, control the minds of the people and lead the war with each other in the mental and not in the physical world. Some people have very stable psyche, so to subdue these individuals use mental demons. However, the resistance movement still exists. Your hero - one of the most mentally strong people of the Resistance, whose task is to rescue his fellow scientists closer to unraveling technology corporations from the eyepiece, the worst of all the mental demons, whose six eyes. meaning games - shooting game with a side view must be consistently cleaned screens of the monsters and collect the bonuses. Unfortunately, to say something good about the gameplay is rather difficult: control is not the best, absolutely the same type enemies, the gameplay is dull, and the game also has a plenty of bugs. The main complaint at the time of Dream Warrior had its graph: it is recognized that for 1989 CGA-so pale palette and color are blurred - it is still not very good, some of the games in 1985 looks much prettier. however - one can not recognized and that the game has its own kind, a very special atmosphere, and sometimes even think about that, not specifically whether it was done that way. Action because even plot of the game takes place in a dream world, so perhaps the image should not be entirely clear. The verdict is very difficult to make. This is by no means even average game, but still not quite that bad, do not deserve such a harsh criticism that it was once broken down. Recommended for study in the first place fans of unusual and unappreciated games as well as an example that the unsuccessful implementation of interesting ideas in game occurred at any time during its history.
