Dstroy is a Bomberman-like game.  There are several gameplay modes. This includes single player, cooperation, and deathmatch. Up to four players can play on the same computer with split-screen. Dstroy has no network support.

In singleplayer (called story mode) and cooperative, the player(s) has to defeat all the monsters to advance to the next level. The levels consist of solid blocks, and breakable blocks. The players can break a block by dropping a bomb nearby. The bomb explodes only in vertical and horizontal directions, and any solid block will stop the explosion in that direction. Initially the bomb has a very limited range, and only one bomb can be placed at the same time. However when destroying breakable blocks, power-ups may appear. The most common power-ups is extending the range of your bombs, and the increasing the supply of bombs. Other power-ups include freezing all monsters, gaining increased speed, becoming invisible. Most of these are only temporary.

Deathmatch has similar rules except that no monsters are present. The objective is to kill all other human players.

One of the most fascinating and interesting versions of the game Bomberman . Try to be funny for a spherical creature named Boody, whose mission - steady flow levels, mazes through the destruction process of preventing the passage of the blocks and monsters by laying bombs. In this case, the game seems to be even a story: the hero must save his world from monsters invaders called \u00abmeuries\u00bb, with even his king (probably Boss of the game). placed bombs explode after a few seconds after the "expulsion" and has affects certain radius on all four sides of the world. Formally explosions exposed only blocks with the symbol "?", With the same block adjacent to exploding on one side or at a diagonal, it does not explode. There is a "normal" units, which can not blow up, but later on the levels of the game will be a kind of "power amplifiers" blast, which, if there is to be their special arrangement regarding exploding blocks and bombs planted correctly, can allow you to immediately clear the huge space level. After the bomb was planted, and the square of the field with her \u200b\u200bleave, to return to it until the bomb is impossible. Some of exploding blocks contain bonuses, which include new bomb (because of their original number, though not very small, but not as great as we would like) and, for example, the amazing thing called "big bang." Levels set (they are combined in eight different worlds really - different kinds of monsters and blocks), while at the second level of the first play of the world becomes really difficult. On some levels there are any additional features, for example, it can be a wall that divides the playing area into two parts, or special teleports to another edge of the map. As mentioned above, there are monsters in the game. Their are several types (they are all very funny), they move in a certain path. Monsters to destroy with bombs that hit them on a small radius (but they can pass it on to the time of the explosion, without any harm to himself.) By itself, the hero though quite fast, but completely defenseless, and the monsters in the game to kill at the slightest contact (fortunately, there are several "lives"). Here it should be noted, however, that depending on the level and behavior of its type monsters in different ways: some very dull and almost run themselves to a bomb, and some - on the contrary, a very smart, as if specially depart from the impending explosion or bomb do actually follow you. game has two main modes: "Adventure" and "Championship". The first mode - the game either alone or together with one computer monsters. Task - steady flow levels, to go to the next to clear the passage to the door and be sure to destroy all the monsters that, as has been said, almost immediately becomes a hard task because of their size, intelligence, and the fact that the game is not in principle It is possible to be maintained. The second mode - the multiplayer against each other. Here you can select a specific level for the battle; task - to kill a rival for some time. Monsters are still present, but killing them is not necessarily to win. Game genre - still primarily a puzzle, not arcade, so the schedule is not formally assessed costs. However, the game came out in 1995, so we expect though quite poor backgrounds to the external parts, but well-drawn blocks and, most importantly, strikingly beautiful and lovely "evil" beings who, after losing all of your "life" begin to dance with joy ... Sometimes occur again in the old traditions, beautiful painted inserts. And here is sweet, reminiscent of the still earlier than the game, time music. Verdict - really good and a very difficult game, ability to captivate fans of these old masterpieces, but the inability to save the game, of course, somewhat annoying, so if you are really ready to master DStroy at a time - you should stock up remarkable patience.
