Dusk of the Gods is an isometric real-time role-playing game.

The time of Ragnarok draws near. In the final battle between Gods and Giants, the dead will rise from Hela"s realm of torture and rally under the banner of Loke, the God of Mischief, who shall turn all of Midgard into a battlefield against his brother Odin, the one-eyed, father of the Gods of Asgard. As Thor drops Mjollnir, his hammer of lightning, as Freya falls from her Golden Cart and Heimdal is pierced by the horns of Loke, the fire giant Surt shall wield his ensorcelled sword and purge the land in flames, so that eons later, a new dynasty of man can arise. Thus the sage Mimer has seen it in the Well of Wisdom. It is the dusk of the gods.

Can fate be turned? Odin summons a champion, who has died on the fields of battle and is guided to Asgard by the Valkyries. This champion must find the six elements needed to forge a chain that can bind the hell hound Fenris, the Giant"s best ally in the upcoming pandemonium. In addition, the champion must stop the quarrels of the Gods. Thor has lost the head of his hammer. Vidar, a son of Odin, strives to slay Hodur, who is said to have killed Baldur. Freya, the goddess of love and beauty, desires a necklace held by four dwarves. Frey is madly in love with the giantess Gerd, daughter of Surt, who demands the all-powerful Sword of Victory in exchange for the hand of Gerd. As you plunge into the whirl of intrigue, deceit and greed in the realm of the Viking gods, you travel the lands of the living and the dead, visit Aesir"s underwater realm and cross the oceans in a magical pocket ship, and have a hand in all the legends from King Beowulf"s fight with the dragon to the slaying of the Lady of the Hill.

With a focus on storytelling and dialogue, Dusk of the Gods is an exploration of the Viking legends more than a full-fledged role-playing game - not deep, but broad. Only two basic statistics (Warrior and Sage abilities), few fights in simple "Click "em dead"-fashion and a rather puzzling system of rune magic are balanced by a score of objects, quests and places in one huge, seamless game world (complete with a day-night cycle). 

