East Front, 1914 is a boardgame style, operational level, DOS computer game of the first three months of combat on the Eastern Front during World War I. Combatants are the Russian Empire and the Central Powers alliance members of Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Units are the corps and divisions which were available for the actual campaign. Though designed primarily for two-person or classic boardgame \u00e2solitaire\u00e2 play, you may play either side against the computer. There is also a custom designed play by E-mail feature. User documentation consists of a 28 page instruction booklet (including a schematic of the game map), plus separate installation and memory config-uration instructions. Orders of battle are in an ASCII text file. There is no copy protection. Game Map: The map consists of 1,681 offset squares (hexes) covering an area of from Minsk in the east to Breslau in the west, and from Dvina in the north to Vienna in the south. Each square covers approximately 13 by 13 miles. The computer screen display area is 21 by 13 hexes, substantially larger than what is found in most computer wargames. Terrain features are cities, rivers, lakes, swamps, woods, mountains, hills/rough terrain, and fortresses. Play Features: The game covers the period of August 15, 1914 through December 4, 1914 in 33 turns. Units may be moved by keyboard control or mouse. Features include historic reinforcements, infantry replacements, German rail movement, incomplete Russian mobilization, and variable initial setup for 2-player games including play by E-mail. The German player has the option of the historical transfer of units from the Western Front or a delayed transfer of such units. A casualty counter is also included. Units consist of infantry corps and divisions, some German infantry brigades (Landwehr), and cavalry divisions. Cavalry units, for which there are no replacements, are useful only to fill gaps in the line and for reconnaissance. Units are reduced in strength through combat losses or isolation using the classic boardgame step technique. Game turns are played sequentially and each turn consists of several player controlled phases (replacement allocation, movement, attack). The computer takes care of all \u00e2housekeeping\u00e2 such as supply and the initial placement of reinforcements. System Requirements: To play the game you need a 286 CPU (386 or faster recommended), VGA display, 590k free RAM, and 1MB of additional memory configured as expanded memory (EMS LIM 4.0 specification). Use of a mouse is optional. You also need approximately 4MB of hard disk space for program files and saved game files. The game will run under DOS 4.0 or higher. Windows 3.1 users should play the game outside of the Windows environment and not in a DOS window. Windows 95 users should play the game in DOS simulation mode, EMS.

