Eddy & Co is a commercial game which advertises Eismann, a German distributor for deep-frozen food. The game stars the eponymous Eddy and his three friends Trixi, Johnny, and Bonny (the company"s mascots at the time of the game"s development) who must save Eismann world from evil monsters.

The game itself is a classic side-scrolling platformer. The player walks through the level and must defeat a boss at the end of it to open the exit. The player can control all four characters. The player starts controlling Eddy but at every save point in the level they can switch to any other character as often as they like. Eddy and his friends each have different properties in terms of speed, health points. and how high they can jump. Enemies are defeated by jumping on them, but a power-up enables a character to throw snow balls for a short time.

German platform, proving that the game created solely for advertising purposes, is also quite a can be interesting. Creating a game sponsored company Eismann, a German manufacturer of frozen foods. According to her story the main character, a snowman Eddie and his three friends (all - mascots company also snowmen) must save the world from certain (actually scary) villains. According to the gameplay is almost common platform with a side view, but with a difference. Heroes there are actually four - we start each new level of control with Eddie, but any time we can switch to someone else (in this case will be displayed always only one character). This is important because all the snowmen have different capabilities: some fast moves, someone jumps up, someone tougher and so on, so for the situation in the game is better to switch to a specific character. Enemies killed by naprygivaniya on them, but after taking a special bonus for a short time made \u200b\u200bavailable by shooting him with snowballs. At the end of each level awaits the boss, and only after his assassination is possible to jump to the next level. graphics in the game is quite nice, although at first the eyes may be a bit of dominance zaryabit not very familiar blue and white colors. Overall - just a great platformer, if we forget about the essence of its advertising, and good, even if for her to remember.
