Play this first person shooter game engine to Build, which was to be published in 1996, is very sad. It"s sad though, that it is really wonderful. IntraCorp, developer of Fate , went bankrupt and was unable to finish the game, depriving fans of the genre, perhaps one of the best of its representatives. All that remains available from the game - this demo version, though there is a rumor that in fact the game was almost ready. Is the plot: the action takes place on the planet Pimandros (located on a strange level of technological development), which is trapped by hordes of aliens lesirgiantsev (similar on Buddhist monks, who are different beasts), the clergy, "Father of all," they want to return to this world. The player acts as a captured local soldier who was placed in the church for questioning, but had to flee from there, and apparently plans to destroy and expel the invaders. The story, by the way, is described in detail in the introductory clip as nicest pictures (something like we saw in the Strife ). What Fate good? We can say that the answer is too trivial, but - everything. There really is everything. The atmosphere at the same time a little bit of fantasy and technocratic world. Interesting weapons. Remarkable opponents - monsters, and such, the title of which is difficult to come up with: green-skinned humanoids, anthropomorphic scorpions that shoot fireballs ... Weight secrets - the first to be found in the first room. A number of interesting traps that have in common with a series of game -Heretic Hexen . Highly interactive environments - many items can be moved or destroyed, often it is important to the plot (the same barrels contain a lot of good, but on the other - can be used as a platform to jump). Here we come to another surprising advantage of the game: from the first level, you are given a few (!) Possible options for passing certain segments! Of course, the non-linearity is apparent, but it is still, even in very small doses, there is. Graphics - quite similar to 1996, that is, 2,5 D-shooter with large clear sprite monsters and items. That is the best that can wish for himself the one who remembers and loves to play the mid-90s. Fate , unfortunately, is too short and has only four levels, each of which is not too large. Difficult, even at the highest level of complexity, it is also not called. However, the role of the "drug of nostalgia," she copes perfectly - that"s just to ensure that it did not cause instead of nostalgia even more: in fact the realization that it could be a full game, but it will never be, can hurt more than a well-aimed hit another greenskin ...
