Until recently it was believed that the Impressions Games - a great producer of strategic games, became famous long before the "Pharaoh" - not "shared" with the PC-players are not so many of his creations, of which, however, virtually all - very often masterpieces. However, more recently it became clear that one of the games do not officially exist as a DOS-version still exists in this incarnation! Fighter Command - is a turn wargame dedicated unusual subgenre issues - managed solely by the air forces during the war action. Subsequently, there will be other similar games, including the Air Force Commander and WW2 Air Force Commander from the same developers, but the right to be the first game on a topic and with this level of implementation belongs to the game. Action Fighter Command deployed in the Middle East. The game consists of individual scenarios, of which the choice twenty-eight pieces. There are both historical - for example, the war in 1973, or more than, the actual release of the game for the Gulf War - and hypothetical (say, the war between the UAE and Kuwait). There are three game modes review - strategic, tactical and "satellite" of course, that they are the cards (fortunately colored) with symbols instead of graphics. Strategic view - this is a common map of the entire region, which is an action game. When you click on a specific point on the map you can go to a tactical ("Radar") view this particular part of it, where as dots of different colors will depict cities, military bases, troops and enemy aircraft movement ("moving" streams of points). "Satellite" same type - is showing a satellite some very small section of the map: the schedule it is still tentative, but it is possible, for example, consider some details of the relief and even scaling buildings. (!) Important point: in tactical mode (as opposed to "Satellite"), which is developed and the main "action" of the game, we can see only what we know at the moment due to intelligence reports, or something else (that is, at the time start of the game - not so much), so the first priority, of course, is to send a reconnaissance aircraft in the airspace of the enemy to gather any relevant information. task for each scenario, of course, there is, however, ways to address it is always set, and that you decide which of them - the best. Better in some way in the first place to protect your own base, somewhere - on the contrary, a fast attack to destroy the enemy. Only depends on you, how many fighters will protect the bombers on the raid or what specific point to send scouts to be able to see this place in detail. game, as has been said, is a war-game, so any resource extraction is not and can can not, however, important to note that in Fighter Command has very strict limitations on the number of aircraft that you have a beginning, and the one that can provide a backup. In the game, by the way, all the resources are finite - and ammunition and fuel. Therefore, to use techniques and supplies necessary to carefully and wisely. Another interesting point - the end of the game conditions. You can win only if you have total superiority over the enemy in the air. But the play - as much in three ways: if the enemy has achieved this superiority, if the media world ganged up against you (!) (This is possible, for example, if you are too often destroy civilian objects), or if your army troops (all at large) are demoralized (in if losses are becoming too frequent flyers and high, or if, say, your aircraft mistakenly attacked, on his foot columns) is considered a critical level of morale of the troops below forty percent. So, once again, a serious, thorough and careful approach to the game - the only possibility. Pro \u200b\u200bgraphics already indirectly mentioned - its a little bit here, but still it is there. Maps colored, bright, clear and beautifully-drawn, and the "Satellite" mode with proper desire can really see the structure! The final verdict is this: the game was interesting in many ways even more detailed and fascinating than the next on a topic, but it is really very difficult. And the main problem here is not even in the interface (which is precisely what is much easier than in many other war-game), and the same "flow points" means the movement of your and enemy squadrons, which are mentioned above - after a time in them, despite the designation of different colors can be great confusion. However, if you consider yourself a real vargeymerom not afraid of difficulties and look at your favorite subgenre truly original game, the Fighter Command for you - simply find.
