When mankind started inputting the events into Earth"s biosphere it was unable to handle, the biosphere crashed. Genetically modified organisms led to the death of all life forms except androids produced for the last war. They collected resources, built robots, sent them out to fight, and so on. The Earth made a replacement for the biosphere based on radiation energy rather than solar energy. The androids have discovered that the radiation storms leave a trail of nuclear material and have started collecting it for use as an energy source. And they"ve started to evolve. Collecting the metal debris, they"ve analyzed and redesigned the robots, advancing their evolution. Because of this situation, planetary review panel has asked the design council to stop the demolition of planet surface and reallocation to design pool. And design council has accepted the recommendation with one condition. A clearly dominant android form must emerge before the next review, or the planet will be reassigned to design pool.

So, player controls a mobile android mil-ind-camp complex, commonly called a robot city. Player"s aim is to conquer all other robot cities on the continent and develop manufacturing and design capabilities to make him the supreme model. The continent is divided up into the zones. Each zone contains an enemy city. Player"s city is mobile and can move between zones, and around the map within a zone. Player have a central store of metal and energy used to build robots. These player sends out from city to collect more energy and metal, fight enemy robots, and locate and destroy the enemy city in each zone.

Player"s production line can produce only a limited number of robot models and it takes time, energy and metal to produce them. Player can obtain the plans to produce better and more devastating models by defeating mutant cities in particular zones which are marked on world map. The combat and production capabilities of the enemy cities vary from zone to zone, and player must find a route to each mutant city which does not take him through a zone containing a city more powerful than player can handle, since player needs to destroy the enemy city to be able to pass through a zone. There are a number of things which make life more difficult. The rugged terrain of the devastated earth restricts the movement of some robot models. For example, hover powered models cannot cross hills or broken ground, and tracked models cannot cross lava flows. Radiation storms will destroy any robots which get caught up in them, and electromagnetic storms may destroy any flying models in a zone.

The game has three screens from which player controls the action:

The Icon screen has icons with various functions around the edges including icons to access the other two screens, and a radar map of the zone player is in at the center. The radar map can be made to display a wide variety of different information by selecting various icons.
The main map is where the action takes place. This is a scrolling map of the zone, showing player"s city, his robots, enemy and the various type of the terrain and other hazards player encounters. Action here is controlled via a cursor which player can move around the map.
The production screen is the factory floor from which player designs and builds the robots, and keeps track on his metal and energy resources.
