In Fire! the player mans an advanced helicopter and tries to solve some of humanity"s problems by shooting at them. The game consists of five thematically unrelated levels which consist of two stages each, e.g. in one mission the player has to destroy drug plants in South America and another one requires to deal with terrorists at sea. 

Regarding gameplay, this is a traditional, horizontally scrolling shooter: the player moves from left to right while shooting everything which moves. Shields and fuel are limited and if one reaches zero, the one and only life is lost. However, they can be refilled with power ups which are left behind from killed enemies. The standard gun can be either aimed straight or slightly downwards, but by picking up the correct power ups the weapon system can be upgraded.

Once again, we see not just an amazing miracle and found (and, it should be noted, corrected for normal startup!) Rarity, and the game, the DOS-version which is basically impossible to find any information anywhere else. However, the game - is. Fire! represents, in general, is quite common Flying a helicopter with a side view and horizontal scrolling screen. The general sense of the game extremely competently, clearly and concisely laid in the word, which gave it a name: we mostly need is continuously shoot at anything that moves here. moves are different enemy military equipment, among which the other helicopters, planes, tanks, and so on. The game consists of five levels of missions, which are virtually connected to any story, and an echo (but not more) of the various military operations abroad 80s and 90s: for example, we will have to deal with drug traffickers in Colombia, save hostages in Beirut and so on. However, in some missions, sometimes there are peaceful and "objects" (such as the Bedouins on camels (!)), And that"s to destroy them in any case is not necessary. Naturally, the gameplay is simplified to the limit - this is not a simulator. The only realistic time - certainly fuel our helicopter, to fill you want to collect special bonuses, other bonuses are intended to supplement the armor helicopter and its ammunition (but only for a better weapon than the base, which is always with us.) In terms of graphics the game looks for the time is different: there is a "parallax scrolling" as backgrounds and enemy vehicle drawn amazingly clear and bright, beautifully executed effects of fire and explosions. verdict - in this game is very difficult to find any "flavor" that it would stand out from the mass of other similar (unless you consider it a truly phenomenal such a rarity), but this fact in no way does not make it bad, even quite the opposite. And if you just think about this very unknown and inaccessible until recently - then it is safe to say that this seemingly lost rarity just find its way into the hearts of fans of classic old letalok.
