Freddy Fish is an arcade action game where your goal is to become the biggest fish in the sea! On each screen, you need to eat all of the fish to proceed to the next level. You will only be able to eat fish that are smaller than you, but as fish are eaten you grow in size.

There are three different screens on which you need to eat fish: In the first screen you are in the open sea and need to dodge larger fish, a diver, and fishing nets from the boat on the surface while eating little white fishes to grow bigger and bigger.

In the second screen you are in a narrow maze of fishing nets. You lose a life if your fish touches a net, and the bigger your fish gets the tougher it will be to navigate the maze! Eat the three pink fishes and a gap will appear on the right hand side of the screen, through which you can exit to the last screen.

In the last screen you need to rescue your fellow fishes who are trapped in a net. As time ticks away they are captured onto a boat. Eat the little white fishes and avoid the fishing hooks, when you are big enough you can bite through the net and get bonus points for the remaining fishes.

After all three screens are completed, the game repeats at a tougher difficulty level.

Night. Two vast black abyss - top and bottom. But if the top of the unity of darkness sometimes violate the small points of light, the following Black reigns indefinitely. A lone ship froze over impermeable and homogeneous water column. The ocean is calm. But it is - seems. Somewhere, deep down, never for a moment stopped the brutal struggle for survival, and one to create, without uttering a sound, in a matter of seconds to become food terrible jaws of others, and the silence makes the picture a more terrible. "FREDDY "and not\u00ab FreddI \u00bb- it is necessary to understand at once. Yes, in this game you have to, like crazy as it sounds, playing for the fish (!), But no adventure fish-girl with a boyish name in the form of children"s cartoon quest - only the toughest hardcore! So you - fish. Your only goal - to survive. May prevent you from several factors, the main one - the presence of a large number of other fish. All of them are hungry. Always. All they want is. And they all have exactly the same goal as you do. The only way to survive - to eat each other. So, you"ll have to do. However, there are other dangers ... The game has three levels with a small hint of a plot. (!) So, on the first screen you will "grow and develop." Need to quickly eat fish smaller than you, while making every effort not to fall prey to larger and do not get caught in fishing nets, barely visible looming threat. At the second level, you"ll find yourself caught up in these same network, and you need to get out of them, eating other fish caught there, while taking care not to touch the networks themselves (touch-consuming life.) Finally, the third level you need to save (!) Other fish caught in the network, which will have to get by the number of fish to eat and then make their way to "own", while avoiding the fishing hooks, and do not forget to watch and timer - because fishermen will soon start raising network on the boat! The game has several levels of difficulty (although playing on the easiest and, shall we say, not so easy), is perhaps the most technologically powerful game in 1983 (at the time this chart surprised) and has a completely wild and unique atmosphere that can not be expressed in human language - only to feel. The degree of addiction to it is quite high, but be prepared for very high complexity and the fact that many sleepless nights trying to eat a certain number of fish can not quite favorably affect the state of mind ... the number is zero parallel in the history of computer games and deserved the highest score on any scale of assessments.
