Mediocre puzzle game from Taiwanese developer bit "burdened" only step mode of movement and battles that may have led to her little-known even in Taiwan. Although the combination in 1992, good graphics, rudiments arcade space shooter and step puzzle game - it all looked pretty good. history. And again - in the tradition of stories Games 1990 - The time is separated from ours with you "present" on the number of years, is calculated as a number c N-th number of zeros. Thus, by the end of the fourth millennium, humanity has successfully spread throughout our galaxy. But the habit of war and remained in the blood (or rather - in the genes). And so, in the fatal year 3991 on civilians Earth treacherously and without a declaration of war attacked their own biological brothers from star\u6d1b\u7f8e\u8fbe- Luomeida (name something like "Andromeda", but this is not it.) To put diplomatic categories, there we have a bilateral vnutrigalaktichesky conflict: "Earth\u00bb vs \u00abLuomeida\u00bb. Invasion colorfully illustrated in the introductory clip, with typical kinotsitat our time: sunny morning, peaceful town, alarmed citizens and an armada of fighters in the sky ... Battle squad "our" kosmoletchikov surprisingly consists of ... teenagers. They are everywhere here, made \u200b\u200bin a moderate, not a "wide-eyed" anime style. The impression is that the revolutionary ideas of the scenario of Soviet films for children and youth "Moscow-Cassiopeia" seriously "taxiing" in the minds of Asian manufacturers during the development of this game. But - more to the point. You are given a task in the mission: kosmokarte on a square in the corners, concentrated cosmic connection of different types of combat fighters - to destroy all the enemy ships. Each ship in your armada has left a few moves. Rotation in space in increments of 45 degrees is also considered for the course. Gradually, step by step, two armada by a large number of moves close fit, clever words, the military will contact the opposing sides. And then instead of moves you start "fire intermittently" into each other. Of course, that with equal parity early in the game to its end - with incremental implementation - remain very few ships, and it should be just your combat fighters. There is a map and some kind of obstacles. This, of course, clusters of asteroids. Falling on them, your ship is damaged, immediately lose the rest of their moves (in this stage) and is able to move only in the next step after the next set of countermove squadron of the enemy. From the main menu, there are a limited number of commands: attack (\u653b\u51fb), move (\u79fb\u52a8), other (\u5176\u5b83), radar (\u96f7\u8fbe), transition progress (\u6362\u624b) and table (\u8868\u683c). In the "radar", you can see any part of the "cosmos" on a flat map, in the "status\u00bb (\u72b6\u51b5) you can see the status and parameters of any of the ships of the enemy or his own. Also, you will see a summary table of all types of ships in your armada, and the total number for the losses. Varieties of ships on the table at the end of the mission, I counted at least 9, namely warships, transport vessels, delivery vehicles and other ammunition. It is also possible that the game is implemented, the interaction of different types of ships your battle space armada. Sometimes it may happen that one of your ship closes the passage entire armada, and for that developers are provided a sub-menu (the menu item "attack") - self-destruction (\u81ea\u66b4). I"m not a fan of puzzle games, but here we have an interesting genre solution performed entirely in Chinese with good graphics implementation. Besides constantly think that this game - five minutes to the classic arcade kosmostrelyalka and fighter jets will fly about themselves begin to shoot at each other. Ignorance of the characters here uncritically - intuitively understandable any menu item. But here incrementally move each of the dozens of ships in its fleet during the course - for me it was just unbearable. Maybe there is more patient gamer who will fully and appreciate this Chinese game ...
