Another Spanish game is so rare that it even no one was looking, as any mention of it on the internet about it just does not find it. By genre - combat platformer. Any hint of the plot and / or background could be found, which is very frustrating, because her world is very unusual. Its main character - some absolutely amazing anthropomorphic creation, the external form is most similar to, sorry for such a comparison, the heroes of the popular now in some circles \u00abFuuu-vebkomiksov." That is, it is a large-headed white guy in strange clothes, similar to the infant, and the "touching" expression. In several levels, each of which is represented by a single screen, consisting, in fact, only a few platforms and the bottom surface, it will have to show dexterity and even the rudiments of tactical thinking in battles with various monsters, not forgetting to collect random bonuses and trying as much as possible rather collect points, which allows to pass to the next level. At each level, there is only one kind of enemy, but their number is potentially infinite (though at any given time, the hero is always the enemy, the new appears only after his murder, and then - only after a few seconds), and they appear because the edges of the screen (but, again appeared, already do not go over the edge.) At the first level it is certain bipedal critters big noses, the second - the evil giant flying birds - the third similarity anthropomorphic porcupine, the fourth - the huge snake, a species is a stronger opponent than the last. Our hero initially have five "life points" . Anyone hit by the enemy, "shells" (and all the creatures here by some spit balls) or a physical encounter with them lead to the loss of one "point of life", regardless of whether or not the fallen hero (although jump and dodge enemy attacks can be easily ). Our hero"s arms are also the bubbles that he produces from his mouth, but they differ from the "enemy" in color and much more powerful: they kill any enemy in one hit, and even if just a little touch of it. It is worth said about the behavior of monsters. Each of them excellent jumpers (other than birds, which are already flying) and is in constant motion. He is actively moving on the platforms, but the attack is not constant, and makes breaks between attacks, most likely - strictly fixed, and it can shoot at all in character, and at the next jump could be to him. All of this lays in the game a primitive element of the strategy: there is nothing stopping you, for example, to go down to the bottom, if the monster has appeared on the top platform, and wait for it, walking back and forth, in the end will not fall to the bottom, to quickly finish him off. Of course, not the fact that it will be released, as the scheme is impossible to predict its movement, but if you have a fast reaction like fingers, and brain, at least the first two levels you will pass for sure. We would like to note that after the death of the monster turns into a fun ball, departing upward, and the fact that the transition to the next level of the number of "hit points" are not automatically restored to the maximum: what ended the last - so the new are. provided to replenish health bonuses in the form of food - banal loaves and bunches of grapes that are literally falling from the sky. The problem is that these bonuses are falling in completely random places (can fall to the upper platform level, while you"re on the bottom, for example) and have a tendency to fade over time after the onset, and its precise value is not: sometimes this is only ten seconds, sometimes - just a half-second after the appearance. There are other bonuses - as blue boxes, the collection of which, apparently, we add points. Once to get a certain number of points - the hero will automatically go to the next level, where everything is the same, but much more complicated. graphics in the game may seem to some rather faded, but despite the tarnish, it is surprisingly clear and specific for this game - even quite atmospheric. Before each level there is a screen saver in the form of a static picture of a nature scene or hunting animals in Africa (what does this have to the game - not very clear). All in all - highly addictive, fairly complex and truly unusual game, which, however, in spite of "children"s" Entourage, more adult-oriented players as tricky for children. Of course, in addition, - an incredible level of rare and valuable collector"s showpiece. PS: Game Spanish, so Spanish (text is only on the menu), and the management of its different from the English-speaking game: O - move left, P - move to the right, Q - jump space - attack.
