Strategy and at the same time simulation novice prospectors. What is remarkable - the action takes place not on any Klondike, but in a much more exotic location - Australia early XIX century (that is, when it has not been studied, and finally conquered by Europeans.) The only goal of the game - it all costs become rich and respected man, in fact, that it is possible only in case of success at gold panning field. How to get it - it"s up to you, and from the very first seconds of the game. You can select a time period during which the work as a loader at the docks, and then buy himself what-no gear and go for gold, but you can immediately start to look for, even without a penny in his pocket. In the game features different types of gold - can be mined in the mine, you can - "wash" in the river, and so on. These methods generate different profit, but the risk is different. For example, in the mine could potentially find more gold, but there is always a danger of collapse, and if it happens - it will have to rest up for a while in the hospital (for the money, too, by the way.) Naturally, soon (if all goes well) will be able to buy better equipment, and then rent a room in the nearest village ... The above words "get rich by any means" one should really just gold - is the basis of wealth, but not the only way to make . Early in the game you can, as has been said, to work a longshoreman in the future will have the chance of more than one a hack (in almost every city facility can earn a bit), and you can (but in the relatively distant future) to become a shareholder company officer or even a robber - please. Speaking of robbers - when you reach a certain level of welfare of the robbers (even if you - also a burglar) will often turn on you and tie a firefight. To successfully deal with them to buy weapons, otherwise all will fight for you invariably end with a serious injury and a major loss of money (that you have taken away from the robbers, and the cost of treatment.) Die in the game you can not in principle. No such thing as the police, are available, and you may even go to jail, but only in case of election thieves career. However, imprisonment in the game reduces to a fine (and even if there is no money - that does not last long) and the inability to become an officer, to anything more. Kill (any) in the same game at all not punished - wild times, wild manners ... about the appearance of the game is worth a special mention. Goldfields - it still does not text strategy, although very far removed from those games: almost the entire screen is the panel interface where you control the progress of the game by choosing any option or answer any questions, and in the lower part of it is the same it is a beautiful black-and-white image (like a vintage lithograph) showing something similar to the features described in the interface panel events moment. Overall - a very good thing. At first glance - a fairly simple, but in reality - just insanely addictive, where you can immerse yourself completely, plus - in a really extremely rare and even unique to the gaming theme. So for fans of rare and unusual antique strategies fit over.
