The genre of racing games is multifaceted and diverse: what kind of proportions of realism and arcade we have not seen - and how they were not presented to us. However, the race with the top view always stood somewhat apart: too much in this case, the prospect of the review affects the perception of what is happening. In the second half of the 1990s such games experienced a kind of renaissance: in 1996 Death Rally came out, and in 1997 - Ignition, which left in the hearts of many gamers the most pleasant memories. But GP Sprint, despite the apparent similarity, was unable to move beyond the native Italy and eventually was forgotten.

GP Sprint - an arcade race in the entourage of "Formula 1", which contains elements of serious simulators, but they are mostly entertaining role. So, we are invited to go solo, their series or participate in the championship. In each mode, you can configure a number of parameters, such as the number of participants, the number of circles, the level of artificial intelligence (and not only this). Where it is provided, you can choose the sequence of the routes.

Before the actual arrival you can, if you wish, qualify. To do this is very useful: we will get acquainted with the route (there is no minicart), we will practice getting into turns and pushing opponents from the cover. Well and further there is already the most ruthless race: frantically rushing on not very big, but having good design closed tracks, it is necessary to come first in the team classification, - yes, here we are waiting for pair arrivals. Each team consists of two participants, among whom such colorful personalities as, for example, a bunny, a robot, an aliens and a lot of the most banal people were curious. Alas, visually their presence in the car is not displayed - only in the form of avatars on the right side of the screen.

Since we touched on the interface, we turn to another important part of it - the lower left corner, where the speedometer is displayed, the safety factor of the car and two indicators: fuel and wear of tires. For all these indicators you need to monitor - and, as soon as any of them begin to cause fear, stop at a pit stop: here you can refuel and patch up, and also change shoes. Yes, there are five types of tires in GP Sprint, which need to be changed according to the weather (the rains leave puddles) and the covering of the road: visually they differ little, but you can determine by the behavior of the car whether you need to change something or not.

As for the technical component, the GP Sprint looks like a low-tech, but incredibly nice thing. The warm lamp 2D is carefully flavored with multilayer ornaments. The environment is enlivened by helicopters flying from time to time, leading the survey, clouds float in the sky, and on the banners there is a light advertisement. That"s just the musical accompaniment is unremarkable and is present exclusively in the menu.

To summarize: GP Sprint - a great pill for the Oldheimer - a sweet medicine, so that nothing beats inside. Behind the good-natured appearance there is a non-trivial gameplay that can brighten up not one of your evenings. That is why - urgent recommendations for acquaintance of both players and collectors.

The game is in Italian, but it is only present in the menu and is intuitive.
