The great giana sisters is quite a controversial game because the similarities to super mario bros is very evident, in fact when the game was released it was only in the stores for one week before a court order recalled the game. Luckily for us one week is long enough for people to buy it and the game has spread since then. The great giana sisters is basically a platform game with each level fairly short but containing plenty of monsters and blocks you can hit with your head to collect a coin and sometimes a powerup.

Giania, and her sister Maria, are very vunerable because one hit by an enemy is enough to send them flying and you"ll lose a life. Luckily you can collect a powerup which will turn your hair all wild but this is basically necessary to get the other items. Other powerups include a lightning bolt which allows you to shoot and take out opponents from a distance, without it the only way you can defeat an enemy is to jump on it"s head to flatten it. Along the way you can collect coins and if you are able to collect a hundred you will gain one life.

The levels are devided in two categories namely above and under the ground. When you"re above ground the levels are fairly straightforward but the underground levels have a more mazelike feel to them. If you are able to get on top of the level you can even run across the level without getting harmed but obviously you"ll miss the items. I could not find any warpholes or secrets that mario has but I did not check everywhere so they might be in there.

If you"ve ever played super mario bros the similarities should be pretty evident to you the moment you see this game and it"s no suprise that the sale of the game was halted due to a court order. Luckily for us there were people who bought it and copied and as a result the game was pretty widespread because of all the media attention. Super mario is often seen as the pinnacle of platform games because the game involves skill instead of just luck and as such giana sisters is similar. If you"re into platform games this game should be in your collection and other should check it out as well to see some excellent platform action. 

