Imperium Galactica is a turn-based strategy game based on the 4X concept set in space. It is a clone of the 1984 Imperium Galactum. Players select one of the four available factions to dominate space through economic or scientific advances, military interventions or diplomacy. 

The main game screen displays a grid of dots, with star systems shown through a larger circle with a color representing the star"s type. There are 5 phases of gameplay. Indicators change phase allows to control the planet"s economy through the distribution of credit points. Inventions phase is an investment in the development of the four areas of science technology. Building phase allows for the construction or purchase of vessels and infrastructure. Negotiation phase determines hostility to the other factions and allows you to bribe them (player can also transfer technology). Maneuver phase is for the movement of ships and space combat. The game allows up to 4 players offline to play offline.

Imperium Galactica is set sometime during the fourth millennium and you, as a human, must rebuild the Human Empire. You start out as a young lieutenant and are given a series of missions to complete. You then advance to the next rank and are given more ships to control and more available commands, but you have more area of the universe to police and more colonies. This continues until you reach the rank of Grand Admiral, where you are able to view the whole map.

When you are in command of a region, you must worry about its economy. Ensure that taxes are collected and that the people are well-fed and reproducing. 75 new scientific discoveries can be made over the course of the game.

Your enemies are a bunch of alien races. They each have their own style of architecture, ships, and land-based units. However, some are more inspired than others. Diplomacy options ensure that all-out war is not the only way to victory. In combat you have ships to protect and mercenary pirates to deal with.

There is a plot-driven interactive movie element to the game, with an opening movie, and cutscenes appearing whenever you advance in rank and also at certain other points in the game. Voices used in these are computer generated. 

The player has to refit every single ship manually. The land battles resemble Command & Conquer , though with only vehicle units.

NOTA: Pulsa CTRL+F4 para cambiar de CD cada vez que el juego lo pida.
