If you believe in the existence of Santa Claus, is certainly not once thought that some wily villain with due skill could use a good-natured old man"s position in society, to create a life of their dark plans? What wonder? Do not believe in Santa Claus? Will have to think about it, and believe it! Vicious scientist named Atnas Sualc decided by all means to disrupt Christmas is coming, giving all his learning on the production lzheSanta Claus. Get in the boat and wear your seat belts - all the necessary instructions will get in the way. Hurry up, the pilot, the fate of the sverhrysyachestva, like the last time in your hands under the enigmatic phrase "X-mas Greetings" lies not a sequel, not an addon or even additional campaign to the famous scrolling shooter, but only one ad- level demo, released as the title implies, for Christmas. This format certainly does not imply the presence of some of the original goodies interpose : there is not the full story, nor the colorful video inserts, is one of the distinctive features of the game-grandparent. But in terms of gameplay directly X-mas Greetings , far inferior to its venerable ancestor, but even the ability to plug in many times are the best levels for the original. Armed with not very healthy idea about Santa clones, the developers decided to make the screen this Christmas extravaganza adjusted at least the Christmas madness: be watered righteous fire of evil snowmen, teach the right way crazed deer (also, by the way, cloned), dodging squadrons pastry pigs and flocks of gingerbread men, as well as show a treacherous goblins rachego wintering place. Explosive Christmas decorations, of course, also included! All of this fraternity is set aggressively, very seriously, so carefree tourist flight would not come even at a minimal level of complexity: the opponents and strive to come from behind, caught in a narrow tunnel, trap, or at least drop from the clouds. Over a broken trigger and spent nerves developers still pay off various nice bonuses and hard cash that easily invested in the improvement of your vehicle in the shop. Range is still impressive: a protective shield, the force field and the accelerator will provide fighter sverhrysey necessary protection and maneuverability, and raznovsyakie missiles, bombs, and additional infantry units will turn it into a real machine of death. X-Mas Greetings perfect for both those who passed the original game inside and out, and those who are with Interpose not familiar at all, because in addition to exciting gameplay here is a stylish graphic design, distinguishes her from most of neatness colleagues in the genre, smooth animation and evergreen, like a Christmas tree, the motif "Jingle Bells" from speakers. One-level demo miracle!
