Inter-Stellar Wars is a single player, shareware, DOS, space trading and empire building game.

The story behind this game is that humans colonized the Renzaar  system in 2249. The most earth like planet, Omicron, was colonized first and the remaining four planets were colonized soon after with colonists living either under ground or in huge glass composite domes.

Three star systems lie unusually close to Renzaar and peaceful diplomatic and trading relations have been established with two of them, the Alpha system and the Ordan system. The remaining system is Creendok which remains a mystery. The closest planet to Creendok is Regulus, this is surrounded by a dense belt of asteroids capable of destroying a ship but which are too small to detect.

Life in this part of the galaxy is generally peaceful. Trade between the three systems flourishes and the basic rule of the galaxy is : don"t bother anyone, and they in turn  won"t bother you.

All this changes with the arrival of the Insectia who announce to the Stellar Alliance that they intend to conquer the Human Race.

The game starts with an introductory sequence showing a ship being destroyed in the region of Regulus. It then jumps fifty years to an interview between the world president and a star fighter captain, (the player). The president is unhappy that there have been no victories in the last month, the war with the Insectia is costing too much, there"s political unrest and so on all of which sets the scene for the game that follows.

It is possible to earn a bounty for each victory over the Insectia, this cash can be used to buy and upgrade vessels in the space fleet.

There are three types of ship; fighters, command vessels, and cargo ships with three classes of each. All ships can be customised in terms of the weapons they carry, the size of their engines, whether they have shields, tractor beams, cloaking devices etc. 

Ships can be flown manually or by the computer and as a ships crew gains experience they will be able to make repairs faster as well as do better in battle.
