In the first terrible chapter of this fateful story a mining ship carrying the deadly ore of borxidium (the most radioactive substance known to man and naturally forms into a heart shape when exposed to the air) crash landed on the planet Shufti-Arquar III, and near its capital city Monquar-Arquar. The borxidium scattered all over the planets surface. Naturally the only man that could clean up the borxidium and save the Arquarians was mankinds" most well known and most heroic hero, the one and only Jason Jupiter,Star Cadet.

Jason Jupiter succeeded in collecting every single piece of borxidium, or so he thought. Little did Jason know that half of the contents of the ship had washed under ground. This fact was found out when the whole planet started to heat up at a rate of 50 degrees Celsius a year. At that rate, the experts said, the planet would explode in 5 years.

Now Jasons" bosses, the Galactic Federation, were not happy about this and decided to sack him (in fairness to them they did give him a gold watch for the heroic deeds he did over the years). But Jason took this very badly, he went and bought a small flat in
Islington with the money he saved up. He sat in his flat for days on end, drinking and trying to forget his life as the greatest hero in the Galaxy. Basically he declined into a drunken slob. Then one day things changed, a social worker came round and
talked with him about the old days, this brought the memories flooding back. It filled him with excitement. And an idea struck him, go and clean up Shufti-Arquar by himself, this would surely make him a hero again.

Once again Jason will not find his task easy, he will be confronted with terrible underground rock formations that topple with the slightest vibrations. He will often find that he is trapped under tons of rubble which is impossible to move, he will
have to sacrifice a life if faced with this. Another problem is the wildlife, well namely the Savage-Sprewn-Scuttered-Sprog. This animal was once a mild mannered, docile, tame creature that wouldn"t hurt a fly, but now it has been completely mutated by
the deadly effects of the intense radiation. BEWARE!!!.

By the way Jason will have to be careful of the radiation himself it can become too much for our hero. To help him along he is given a radiation counter, denoted as RADS. If the amount of rads reaches the critical level of 150 then Jason will die, and the
mission is over!

There is one piece of good news!!! Jason does not have to collect every piece of borxidium in the caves, the rest can be left to decay normally. Jason is told how many he needs with the "Need" counter at the bottom of the screen and is signaled by a high
pitched noise when he can leave.

Pulsa botón derecho y JASONED para acceder al editor de pantallas...

