After the success of Sango Fighter of the other Taiwanese Panda Entertainment game developers needed something urgently "cover." And so, in 1994, an authoritative publisher and developer Soft-World released his fighting game devoted ancient Chinese culture and literary genre Wuxia. Just as in the case of Sango Fighter , as a basis for a new game product was taken as real-life literary and artistic source ... It is known (but not here) from Hong Kong, a Chinese writer Zha Lyanyun (\u67e5\u826f\u955b), which has the nickname Jinyun (\u91d1\u5eb8), for his long creative life wrote a lot of novels on the historical adventure theme. If Western culture to take a sample of nobility and honor of the notorious novel by Alexandre Dumas and French Musketeers theme of the XVIII century, the Chinese culture is quite worthy counterparts will just be Wuxia genre (\u6b66\u4fa0). The specificity of this genre (especially in motion pictures) is a small exaggeration of physical capabilities of almost all the characters (from the emperor to the last tramp). That is why the use of cinematic hyperbole has been very tempting for games made \u200b\u200bin the genre of fighting games. "Minor" exaggerated the strength and abilities of men specifically described the game sold just for decoration, of course, their super attacks. By itself, the format super-attacks came even earlier, before the Jinyong Kuaida , in other games. The use of hyperbole to wuxia-Abilities really creates an exceptionally bright and unique individuality of each of the members of virtual combat. Characters in this game only 14, but what. The beautifully animated exponential intro sequence you can see the equipment and techniques is all 14 fighters and even a brief textual description of each of them, which are: what kind of style who is a teacher and what school of martial arts has brought this unique, as well as other information. Which of the novel has been the basis games - and remains unclear, it is possible that this team "hodgepodge" of different literary heroes Jinyun. However, I just saw a few characters from the infamous trilogy Condor , RPG-game implementation of which - The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (\u501a\u5929\u5c60\u9f99\u8bb0) - has been recently posted on our website. Here are some of the names of the great masters of martial arts in the game: Goldrinn Lion King (\u91d1\u6bdb\u72ee\u738b), undefeated in the East (\u4e1c\u65b9\u4e0d\u8d25), Woman Little Dragon (\u5c0f\u9f99\u5973) - it somehow, through its super-power, which commands a swarm of insects. And there Ouyang dryer (\u6b27\u9633\u950b) - funny dedok, which at times can turn into a frog with bulging eyes, is the main character in the game matured The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber , whose name is Zhang Utszi (\u5f20\u65e0\u5fcc). Now it seems even led school style Min (\u660e\u6559), according to the text description of the driven. bout format is simple and straightforward. For a limited time round (default - about 1.5 minutes) to "knock out" the enemy. Only happens three rounds, but their number can easily be changed as the player in the settings. After the victory of a fighter he will pay a bonus in the form of points, which together include early termination of the battle, the rest of the character and health premium bonus (sometimes). Of course, the best fighter will take a leading place in the table of records. In a match the first indicator shows the level of health of the life of your fighter, the second indicator shows the slow accumulation of Qi for the implementation of the next super-attack. Of movement is jumping and squatting, of the blows - completely classical set of upper, middle and lower attacks. Depending on the choice of men vary accordingly scenic backdrops stage match. There"s voiceover (eg: FIGHT = Kai Shi on standard Chinese), and many of the characters is also something there constantly fluttering in Chinese. Languages \u200b\u200bAsian language quite critical to try this fighting game. Everything is clear without any text comments. The only thing you"ll be unable to read a brief description of a fighter, but it is not the main thing in the game. To find out experimentally the ability of each of the characters, you have unlimited play time, and I recommend it to spend the maximum benefit and enjoyment. This game will be a nice gift for fans of martial arts and Chinese culture, and just for fans of computer games in the genre of "fighting."
