A pair of inseparable friends - smart, short, yet brave Kajko and his buddy, big, bald, fat, strong & gluttonous Kokosz - must face again the notorious Zbójcerze (Rogueknights) and their evil plot set to conquer the peaceful village of Mirmi\u0142owo. The early medieval setting and fantasy themes resemble "Asterix & Obelix".

Kajko i Kokosz is a classic point & click adventure game, based on a popular Polish comic book series featuring the same characters. You can switch between the two characters at will, and some actions have to be done with a specific character. The controls are pretty simple - to interact with the environment, you just have to click. You have a limited space in your inventory, but you can take an object from your inventory and drop it anywhere at any time. The game graphics feature original artwork created by the creator of the series, Janusz Christa, thus retaining the "look & feel" of the comic books.

Another pearl, even if slightly dusty, but, nevertheless, has not lost its value and fell to the collection oldgeymov: let me introduce myself, " I Kajko Kokosz ", another worthy addition to our treasury. Unnoticed by fans and cool quests received by the public plays in his native Poland, this humorous quest risked being forgotten forever. The popular and beloved comic book of the same name by the Poles (with elements of satire on the then-present), and based on which the plot of the game, to contribute to its success, however, could not. tells game events originate in a small peaceful village Mirmilowo. However, the positive statistics peasant trudobudney pretty spoiled established in the castle nearby Knights squad. It all ended in failure - the water in the village well is poisoned, people are in danger. Save all and punish the offenders have two guys from the people, and the names of those heroes - Kajko and Kokosz. Promises to be a long journey, but certainly not boring - in the program announced amusing adventure characters and fantastic creatures. And still have to smash his head - even a classic point & click. First, the need to control two characters at once, very different from each other: thus the problem, which came through the one you can not trust the other. Kajko - smart and clever, Kokosz - stupid, but strong laggard, knowledge of these qualities, the characters will be very helpful in solving various riddles. But secondly - as in many old (and not), will not be always clear who should get what and where to apply the subject. Yet this adventure with the lowly graphics and comical characters necessarily fulfill its primary purpose - to hold you to a happy ending (heroes do not tend to lose, right?) and make you smile at least once - to travel in a company fun in itself.

- Tienes que pulsar CTRL+F10 para bloquear el ratón...

