This game is made \u200b\u200bin the distant and not so, in fact, known in our country - China. What kind of part (Taiwan, Hong Kong, China) - we do not know, because in this country they write and read hieroglyphics anything. This game is not listed on any world database. This game is not just completely forgotten today, it is unlikely to do at least someone was even ever known. But it exists. Although at first glance it may seem that we face another "product misuse mushrooms", a closer examination all be quite different. In the dense and impenetrable jungles of Africa lived Kong - a large (although its "ancestor" (?) from the same film it is very, very far away) ... gorilla basketball red shirt with number ten. Any free time (and it had been not so little) Kong spent with nowhere the undertaken basketball ball with a shield in front of a home-made homemade basket honing basketball skills. And it was good - but only up to the moment in his life invaded people. These hideous creatures roaring helicopter engines rudely destroyed idyllic little world monkey life forced into Kong in a cage and after serving in an unknown direction. And now, instead of at the bottom of the jungle panorama unfolds storm front enveloped the city with skyscrapers, when the lightning that hit the helicopter, gives last chance for salvation. His captors dead. Cells are destroyed. Kong free. Kong alive. He"s big. He"s strong. But he - alone in the big dark city, this industrial nightmare, full of evil creatures and terrible traps, in comparison with which seems small and defenseless. However, his loyal and long ball honed the skills of dribbling still with him. He was not used to giving up. This means that all is not lost. Maybe sometime somewhere and acts "Sport for Peace", but - not here. And in order to save his life - even basketball can be turned into weapons. The monkey, which you, the people, took away her legal right to a happy life at home, went on the warpath. Beware! Gameplay adventures Kong formally and convoluted for platforming, but in reality is very complex and requires an approach to the game, literally surgical precision. The fact that, following the example of games of Viking Armorica and partly barbarian Heegaard, here is the rule "one-touch death," that is one mistake - and all go through the level (not the screen - the level!) First. Kong can jump, he also knows how to smartly handle your ball, with which usually throws enemies in different directions. Many enemies, traps, too. Describe in detail each and everything that can be found here, not worth it - otherwise it will be lost joy pioneering. I note only that the duration of the game is difficult to determine - for example, New York is as some survivors of a global catastrophe, Human dogs, mutants, and with an abundance of bare wire (!), Which is on the first level is the most terrible enemy. Then there will be very different levels (sometimes given surrealism) - "Odyssey" Kong to return to the jungle birthmarks, be long. graphics in this game great - it probably came out in the mid 90"s and is certainly one of the most beautiful Platform DOS. Sprite character models, side view, but the effect of the "three-dimensional" is sometimes created, and for the clarity of drawing backgrounds artists should praise separately. But the main thing - it"s an amazing atmosphere of the game, which creates a sharp contrast from the dark, the bulk of graphics and a surprisingly good, but at the same time and a little tragic music, so Kong unwittingly begins to empathize. Verdict - priceless, if not a masterpiece, but the clearest example of the fact that even in the seemingly "canonical" genre, you can create something special without going over the most canons. The text in the game is almost none (except the menu), so no language barrier, too, no; fans of interesting, beautiful and challenging arcade recommend very, very much, but remember, this is hard to play, each level, each screen here - a challenge for your fingers and your nerves. The harsh world of concrete jungle does not forgive mistakes, but you have to prove that the main mistake made \u200b\u200bby its inhabitants - kidnapping Kong - will be ... corrected.
