French game, completely unknown to the rest of the world and have never been translated into any other language. Yes, France is also doing "their" game - but they happened to be even more original than the German or Spanish exclusives, so do not get the popularity and in their homeland, thus far, in contrast to the same Spanish, according to the everything forgotten even the most desperate oldgeymerov archaeologists. Meanwhile, the originality of the plot fantastic games French counterparts do not. vnezhanrovoy amazing action game Kristor , located at the intersection of strategy and adventure, occurs in perhaps one of the darkest and most terrible worlds distant future in which the wild imagination of developers gave himself go. It has been 6339 years since the Fourth Ice Age, which began on Earth after the tenth of a nuclear war, we finally made \u200b\u200bour planet unfit for life. By the time her were only four groups of people who, because of repeated exposure to radiation has not resemble actual people, turning into horrible mutants. These monsters have left Earth at the time the existing to the spacecraft, which enabled long-distance flights, but have not been able to find a new home. Only planet, which happened at least once habitable, has a strange celestial body called ... Zor Zor - it spooky world with depleted atmosphere and ultra-low temperatures, survive on the surface of which there is no possibility. In its interior, in general, can not live too, but people are mutants out there somehow still survive. That survive - because for subsistence resources are needed: the one Kristor, Megatronium and most important resource - life-giving plasma, which provides heat and energy of the lost colony, located in deep underground bunkers for uranium caps ... In Zor"e these resources not and they have to look for other worlds, completely unfit for life, but even there they are quickly exhausted, and need to look more and more ... But the worst thing is that even in such circumstances, people have not forgotten the last of the old enmity. Continuous war and a desire to destroy their enemies, not only continues, but grows with every passing second. Therefore, in the far-off worlds is a war for resources. Deep down, probably all aware that doomed, but every leader wants to leave the enemy in a different world even for a moment before it ... In short, the plot - a masterpiece of thought itself, and gloomy thoughts in particular: the game simply soaked spirit of decadence, decay and collapse of the universal civilization (although, in general, no civilization has not). The gameplay itself is also fascinating and consists of several stages. First, you need to use a global map search worlds in which there is ore and energy: this is done using a very original form of reconnaissance probes. Then - to equip an expedition there (be sure to squadrons of warships) for the organization of extraction. Almost certainly a planet with resources already discovered (or soon to be) the enemies, so that meeting and subsequent space battle (arcade and in real time, by the way, although it was rather difficult, as the need to run their ships on radar, changing their speed and location) is inevitable. Another interesting point - the need to protect our home base from possible enemy attack (if at the moment of attack "us" is not there, the defense runs a computer). The game is kind of diplomacy: Two nations may enter into a temporary alliance against others, but to rely on such unions, of course, is not necessary. graphics in the game are (space battles, dialogue, and different kinds of planets painted inserts), but only the CGA and very dark (for this game - very good solution), and all the rest - is the abundance of text and rather complex interface. Unfortunately, for a successful game requires not a bad knowledge of the French language, which makes this masterpiece of decadence both affordable and not too wide number of players. However, the dictionary has not been canceled, so - at least see the dying, harsh, yet beautiful this world can be the most severe one ...
