Another Spanish game, of which there is no mention on the internet. Is a port on the PC with a late Amiga, and also on the original version, there is no information. Despite the origin of the game supports English (though it does not matter, because the text is still only in the menu.) On the plot we can only guess. Apparently, the little boy, whom we play, got into a world populated by monsters, and now he has to get out. Does this happen in reality or in his imagination - also known and is also not important. Basically, the gameplay is similar to what happens in most platformers. Blood in the game, the enemies for the most part (in the beginning of the game - only) killed by naprygivaniya on top of them. There are several types of enemies: zombies, skeletons, the Vikings (some armed with swords, some - something thrown), the Indians, as well as bats, crows, and so on. That bats and ravens are the most terrifying enemies, because, first, pursue the hero is very, very long time (land enemies - do not pursue), second - pretty hard slain, because they are difficult to naprygnut (two ways - or jumping from a hill or down to lower and fly up close to him, and then naprygnut.) The hero has a few lives and "strip" of life, that is, death does not come from a single punch in contact with the enemy. However, the boy is killed instantly, if you get in the water, on the spikes, and so on, and these situations (ie, traps and hazards) of the game will be a lot. Yes, the play is really difficult, for example, at the first level to jump from a height on the water moving back and forth a small log; barely missed when jumping - all, death. A similar situation will continue, but much more complex, where at the same time will have to overcome obstacles and to kill or dodge the enemies ... There are several types of bonuses. The most important of them - the keys hanging in the air, which must be collected in order to advance the plot. Most of the other bonuses is in a chest, which should also naprygivat to open. Some bonuses restore health, others temporarily give something useful. For example, a bonus in the form of nipples (hmm ...) at the time the boy turns into a true knight - in armor, helmet, sword and shield, and in this state he is much stronger and hardier. Then you can find the bow (or similarity) to shoot at enemies. Graphically, The Last Knight looks very nice - small claim is a claim except to a few vague and shallow modelka protagonist, while enemies and backgrounds especially made \u200b\u200bjust amazing. We must also mention the great music, very appropriate here, and some sounds (eg, the sound of death of the hero is useless to describe - it must be easy to hear ...). Verdict - excellent. Of course, nothing unique in this game there, but to play it really interesting, it is very difficult to break away. Perhaps the interest is including its phenomenal rarity and uncertainty - it"s at this point is probably the most rare of games presented on our website. So to all collectors it will be a truly imperial gift, and every fan platformer - the opportunity to once again test the strength of your skills. Game server will StormSpirit86 , for which many thanks to him. El Juego HA regalado StormSpirit86 . Muchas gracias!
