. . . . . Lexter gets kidnapped by aliens who were impressed with how he managed the tasks of honor. They recruit him for a mission on another planet which is strikingly similar to what he"s proven himself to be capable of. Lexter 2 expands the Lexter theme by allowing save-games in an adventure-style quest. Lexter travels through a main \u201cworld\u201d map, solving each of the puzzles along the way.

King Lexter, the new ruler of a small and rather unknown little kingdom, was returning to his castle after successfully completing the Tasks of Honor. He was quite pleased with his success. He was so pleased, in fact, that he didn"t notice a large object descending from the sky. All he noticed was a slight tingling, and when he stopped to think about it, he was standing in a place entirely different.

"Welcome," a strange little man said, and for the first time he realized he was surrounded by strange little men. "Lexter, we need your help."

"Trolls!" Lexter shouted. "Where am I, you little disgusting trolls?"

"On a space ship, my friend," the troll said. "But we aren"t trolls. We are what you might call beings from other worlds. We belong to the Siilarian Alliance. A great and sinister empire is arising in the galaxy, and you can help us defeat them."

Lexter was entertained by the little men, which is what kept him from screaming and going insane. He listened to their long story of galactic war and peace... the empire had lost a top-secret case of computer disks that contained information the Siilarians could use against them. The Siilarian Alliance had tried to locate the disks on the planet Ecadder, but the puzzling challenges on Ecadder were more than they could deal with. The Empire knew of the reputation of Ecadder, and therefore decided they were safe enough from the Alliance.

"We will transport you to Eccader where you can begin searching for the disks. If you succeed, we will reward you by naming you King of the Galaxy -- an honorary title, of course, but isn"t that why you solved the Tasks of Honor? Anyway, Eccader is physically safe... just don"t let the challenges you will face drive you insane. Four Alliance Operatives have remained on Eccader to assist you, and they are living in seperate portable houses on the planet. Will you help us, King Lexter?"

Lexter considered it for almost a second then replied "How can I refuse a chance to become King of the Galaxy?"


Botón derecho y readme.exe para el manual interactivo... Cuando salga el readme has de poner que lea el archivo lexter.doc

