Undeservedly forgotten masterpiece of the earliest period of the domestic (!) Gamedev (developer - NPK "Lokys"!), Triumphantly returned to the players, which was done. In this game we have to play for the diver who is in an amazing underwater world populated sea \u200b\u200bmonsters and huge fishes, from which he must escape. However, this will require a lot of work - for example, to visit the underwater caves, flooded the holds of ships, and even the ruins of Atlantis, a boat ride (!) - And just for that, to the surface, to be in an even more amazing place (but more on that to say no - let all the players see with my own eyes.) First of all you need to deal with the movement of our hero. In the underwater world, there are various objects that are called by the authors of the game "tops": it can be a big bubbles, shells, crabs, and so on. If you navigate to them, it would be relatively safe for the diver. But if all of a sudden he will be just in the water, the air supply it will rapidly shrink, and if you do not get to the surface by the time it is used up, the game is over. Restock air can collect special bonuses in the form of scuba and gaining a certain amount of points. The transition to the next level is accomplished by jumping onto the special "top-out", and the more the game - so it will be harder to do in all respects. And it is here that it is time to say about the main features of the game. fact that Locman - it is at least arcade, but a rare example of a truly nonlinear arcade! Because it is from the second level of the number of transitions to new locations is always more than one. Thus, in the same place can be reached in different ways in different order, and some can not visit at all. The underwater world is really huge and contains a lot of secrets, you often find that it is vital, whether it"s a gun that will significantly increase your chances of encounters with sea monsters, or a key that is needed to advance the story, but to be found in one place and applied - in a totally different ... In all of this the game - yes, yes! - Just amazing VGA-painted graphics, nothing (nichem!) is not inferior to Western counterparts at that time! Amazingly bright, colorful backgrounds, dialup facilities, an astonishing variety of locations ... All of this - the result of work of our fellow citizens, it is our own game! The verdict also only takes one sentence. Locman - it is, without exaggeration, a Russian national pride gamedev, for which he gets his ten points, and get to know him must every self-respecting fan of games. Point.
