Comes to mind a lot of games, anyway operating or woven into the plot canvas myths and legends of ancient Atlantis, because the secrets of a vanished civilization and still not solved and therefore attractive. The Lost City of Atlantis is also not left out (the name says it all for himself) and is ready to tell his story, having the player through Greece and Egypt to the lost in the depths of the waters of Atlantis. Get acquainted - Raghim. A real adventurer, even his strength and daring pale before the passion for travel. One day at the market square in Greece decrepit old man could see the fire in the young man wandering and entrusted to his hands this treasure - battered and decayed on the time card the way to Atlantis. That"s all set: the ship is equipped with all the necessary provisions and waiting for departure, the team selected. Ahead Raghim"a a pleasant walk along the sea ... Certainly not! Greek gods cunning and cruel, and perhaps secretly destined to remain so. That was awakened from sleep Poseidon by sending the strongest storm and huge waves. And our narrowly escaped a shipwreck hero to a long, dangerous and difficult journey ... Features of the game and the game interface: Atlantis - quite a colorful two-dimensional arcade game from German developer. There are 2 levels of difficulty, save and load your saved game at any time. There are two important indicators that can not be overlooked. Blue line - is the health of the hero. Food will restore power, but too long stay under water, clash with monsters, burn jellyfish can greatly affect health up to the loss of life. The indicator shows the number of heart lives (selected characters living increase this figure.) At the beginning of the game, your character completely unarmed (and in fact, from what to take after such a disaster?). Weapons sold in temples (temples marked blazing torch) for the pearls that are, in turn, are selected from open pits in the underwater world. To bring up the purchase, once in the temple, then press Enter. Total available three types of weapons with different effects. To complete the level to find a way out of the maze and collect a certain amount of magic crystals. Game controls: Up Arrow - climb on anything / sail up, Down arrow - down / swim down, right arrow - walk / swim to the right, left arrow - walk / swim to the left, up arrow and right arrow - jump to the right, up arrow and left arrow - jump to the left; Alt and Left arrow - to take a step to the left; Alt and Arrow - to take a step to the right; Space - Shot; ESC - return to the main menu; Ctrl - select weapons; P - pause the game.
