Lunar Explorer is a real-time 3D simulation of flight from lunar orbit to moon landing.  Using either keyboard or joystick controls, the player must master the forces of gravity and inertial motion as he maneuvers a Lunar Landing Vehicle (LLV) over hazardous terrain.

Flights can begin at the Tranquility Base landing pad, in close approach to the lunar base, or in orbit around the Moon.  This LLV simulator exposes moon pilots to the dangers of inaccurate navigation, inefficient fuel consumption, and incorrect maneuvering.  If fuel is consumed before the LLV reaches its destination, the craft will either crash into the lunar surface or orbit the Moon "forever."

The cockpit window presents the lunar landscape from the pilot"s perspective.  Solid color 3-D graphics depict important environmental features such as lunar bases, refueling stations, craters, and constellations.

The accompanying manual not only describes how to operate the game, but also describes in detail NASA"s hypothetical plans for a space station and lunar mining facility.  Another section describes the game"s use in the classroom.

One of the rarest and most unusual games for PC, ever released. Perhaps conceived as potentially cult, but that"s for a variety of reasons did not, was released on a very limited edition, received absolutely no known until recent days literally never been available to people. Its study, in fact, begins only now. Lunar Explorer - a simulator with a first-person and pseudo-graphics. Simulator unique as will manage manned lunar module. Simulations spacecraft (real, not fantastic) issued, but the simulation module was no more. And after the game immediately given the choice, at which point you want to start it: the orbit of the Moon, in which case the unit will need to sit still, or once on the moon itself, on carefully prepared landing site, which, however, is not completely safe ... If you choose the first option, once it is necessary to prepare for a very great complexity, as the game tends to maximize realism. Flight module to manage in terms of both maneuvering and navigation, and most importantly - keep a close watch for the fuel consumption, which module is very small, and which in any case should not be spent not for business. The chance that you have not landed by the time how it will end, alas, is very high, the chance that you landed in the wrong place to be lower but still high, and the moon-landing on the landing pad does not also automatically mean disaster. After Moon landing (or immediately if you choose the second mode) begins the "study" of the lunar surface, and this is, I must say, some strange process. If the first part of the game we had a specific goal and result, we had to get, but in the second part of anything like this, apparently, is not: our objective is to study the lunar landscape of craters and we can "jump" and even a little fly above the surface can easily be lost, crashing into anything, but that could determine whether it completed something - not very clear. graphics in the game for its time, a very good (including the DOS-version), although by today"s standards certainly looks too minimalist. All in all - a unique collector"s item and one of the few games that can be called unique in terms of ideas, but, unfortunately, not very interesting in itself.
