Raymond Pardon was a gentle man. Maybe too gentle. Due to non-ability to defend himself against the accusation, he has spent last six years in a prison for a hold-up he did not commit. But the things were even worse: in addition to six years of imprisonment he lost his lovely wife, Myl\u00e8ne. 

Who was involved in this affair? To discover the truth, you as Raymond should perform your own investigation in seven European cities: Barcelona, Paris, Cannes, Rome, Amsterdam, Hamburg and London. In turns you"ll behave as a gangster or as a journalist. It is up to you to perform the investigation in cold blood despite the lies and hired assassins. Someone must pay!

The gameplay flows as adventure in first-person view. You choose the place to visit and examine the objects there. Moving the cursor on the scene, you set its part in focus and may interact with it. Some of the objects may be added to your inventory and used later, some of the persons may share a valuable information with you, some of them may be hostile.

The game supports several languages: French, German, English, Italian, Dutch, and Spanish.

French detective point"n"click-quest from the first person - and another rarity on our site, but this time is not Spanish, and French origin. This game was published, in addition to PC, on the Atari ST and MSX, but the PC-version came out much smaller circulation, only in his native country and, therefore, only in French, which is why, until recently, was considered lost. plot of the game is the following. Your character - a young man named Raymond Pardon, who was charged with robbery he did not commit, because of which lost their beloved and spent six years in prison. Upon his release, he decided to restore justice, self-revealing this complicated case to clear his name and send to jail the real criminals. The deal was so serious that he would have to find out the truth under the guise of a journalist to visit seven cities across Europe: Paris, London, Barcelona, \u200b\u200bHamburg, Amsterdam, Rome and Cannes, and in some cases even to once again become a criminal, but a real, Although forced ... As mentioned, the type of the game - in the first person, and all the interaction with the game world by means of the mouse. The game"s plot is non-linear part: we can choose a specific city, which now want to go and start the investigation, so from anywhere. The game is the concept of "inventory" and, consequently, the objects that can be found to put in there and (more often than not at once) to use for any purpose. The game also has the opportunity to meet and dialogue with different people, and not all of them will tell you the truth at all, or are incredibly friendly. Finally, the game has a chance of dying, because soon it turns out that the tracks are killers sorry ... I regret to admit that the PC-version of how the game was not very good quality. Graphics are much worse than in the version for the same Atari ST (supported by Hercules and CGA), the image is blurred so much that can be quite difficult to understand that even now presented itself to our eyes. The second embarrassing moment - the language: for this game - a quest in which the text though not as much as in most games of the genre, but it"s still critical to the passage, so without at least some knowledge of French and / or active Use a dictionary to play in this game is useless (while versions for other platforms, again, was a multilingual). In short, the main value of the PC-version - still collectible. However, as the game itself L"Affaire interesting no doubt, so if you want to discover new detective quest "old school" - be sure to play it. When not on PC, at least with the same emulator Atari ST.
