Promoted to a rank of Senior Sergeant of Investigations Brigade in Saint-Etienne (Loire), you"ve already proved yourself in L"affaire Vera Cruz (The Vera Cruz Affair). Your chiefs rest all their hopes upon your abilities and commit a new case to you, L"affaire Sydney (The Sydney Affair).

Mr. James Sydney has just been shot in the head. The assassin, who fired from the opposite building, should know the habits of the victim, because (s)he spent all the day at the same place there... So you go with your team to the crime scene to collect the clues and follow the possible traces.

The game as its predecessor flows in two parts: crime scene investigation to collect the evidence, and work with telex machine to gain information about possible suspects.

The crime scene now includes two screens (street with Sydney"s body and assassin"s apartment). You should collect all possible evidence moving the marker on the screen and examining the objects scattered at the scenes as well as the body itself.

With telex machine you should perform investigation according to the police procedures. Different actions are possible here such as sending messages within Diamond Network to receive the replies, printing the notes, contacting other Police services to gain the new information, comparing the evidences, carrying out examinations such as autopsy, interviewing/checking the alibis of suspects, and arresting finally. To specify the subject for each action you should type it.

The second part of the Novels of French detective quest in which you will play a police officer of the town of Saint-Etienne (Loire department), for disclosure of past cases (which was discussed in Vera Cruz Affair"e) elevated to the senior police sergeant. plot as the first part is very simple: in the street of the town, was killed a visiting Englishman, James Sidney, and the police have suggested that the killer - someone who knew the person. Accordingly, it is necessary to disclose the murder. This game on the gameplay has only one difference from the first part - the game screen now has two: the street with a dead body and his apartment. Each of them still need to look for any clues leading to his cursor, and all of the information requested and analyzed by telex image at the bottom of the screen by napechatyvaniya relevant words (which in the absence of the majority of members of the French keyboard and knowledge of the language does this game not too popular.) Graphics since the first part has not changed (since it came out only a few months later), so everything is the same dull, but in general - not the worst. Score the game is the same - almost exclusively for the collection instance fan of detective quest.
