Unknown Chinese arcade from as unknown developers, about the life of the dog, nicknamed Mad Dog. I must say that this nickname, given the language that is likely to take his face, and some of his movement, he is well suited. Formal study plot is happening - our hero must free the dogs from the captivity of the evil forces. The action takes place in a certain country, which at the same time may seem conventional image of China and the amusement park. Gameplay is generally similar to the classic platform game. The game begins in psevdoizometricheskoy term, when, driving a dog, we have to choose which of the large buildings we want to go (some of them are quite modern, and is also similar to the ancient Chinese temples). In view of the premises is from the side, but with some hint of three-dimensionality - for example, the dog is able to climb stairs, and sometimes go a little deeper into the screen. From the "Skills" our dog just jumping and crawling. But as a first weapon - ashamed to say! - Serve ... gases, which produces dog from his system. That is to kill enemies, you must first turn his back to them and make a certain action, and if the enemy is flying, you have to do it in a jump. Perhaps this sounds funny, but to me personally it was disgusting to watch. Subsequently, there will be other types of weapons - such as fire arrows, blue ray and so on. dog has a "strip" of life and not die from a single blow, and there are several "lives", that is, after the death of the revival will be at any point level. To make up for life are bonuses in the form of bones, you can also find a lot of other things, including weapons and different unique bonuses, giving, for example, temporary protection or something. The enemies are quite varied, but for most of the summer: the skull, the head-pumpkins, sparks, which can haunt a dog for a long time, and so on. Also in the game is a lot of traps and hazards (such as stakes, suddenly come out from the floor). Graphically the game looks good, the characters are drawn with high quality and large, though the interior space is quite monotonous. Overall - really unusual and quite difficult, but very bad in terms of the game platform, which, however, after finding an alternative weapon is really fun to play. Rather, the greatest interest for collectors is still all sorts of rarities, but the true fans of the genre is also worth a look. PS: The game is made \u200b\u200bin China, but, first, the text in it is very small, and second - almost all of it (including menu) - in English (written only in Chinese name of the game).
