The strategy-game Magic of Endoria takes place in the fantasy kingdom Endoria. Aeons ago the gods of Endoria were disgusted by the badness in the world and morphed themselves into crystal splinters and retreated into the underworld. Who gets all these splinters becomes the master of Endoria. Now two rival arch mages got aware of this myth and go on the search. You are one of them.

Of course you have to dig deep into the underground to find them. Your responsibility lies in the building. managing and defending of mines. To achieve this you hire employees with different professions: Craftsmen, researchers, mine workers, hauliers and warriors. These people want to see money for their work and they improve their abilities when they become experienced. 

During the game you dig new alleys, equip them with traps, research new tools and fight against enemy troops to conquer their alleys. Later you have mutated creatures to your disposal. You spend most of your time on a map with hexagonal fields. There you issue orders and set the routes of your employees. 

The in 1995 released CD-ROM version features speech, new background music and an online help. Additionally there is a "light" version of the game which tones down the complexity.

The PC version of Magic Endoria differs from the Commodore 64 version released the previous year in that it is real time instead of turn based.

Once upon a time, hundreds of years ago, the city of Amran, on the island Endoria, was great and powerful. Noble people living on it, loved and honored his god, and luck always accompanied people in all their endeavors. But even the strongest moral principles could help overcome the misfortune endoriantsam that waylaid them at the peak of their bloom. Envious celestials started to wrest power from the patron of the islanders and, together, have left him, turning grief into happiness, and the order in the chaos. The soul of the former god fragmented into many crystals and was buried under lava streamed from a large volcano, around which was built Amran. A large congregation was followed into oblivion for his patron, and only legend now resemble the once glorious nation of Endor. However, you, one of the best magicians of our time, could see the colorful tales something unattainable view of the inhabitant. The one who can find all the pieces of the soul of God, and to combine them in an underground sanctuary itself privileged to be master of the universe. Gathering all his treasures and magical powers, you go to the island ... dead simple archaeological mission quickly turns into a full-scale war, when you learn that there are other mages encroached on the universal power. And now have to break through the layers of the earth"s rocks, risking every minute encounter with the enemy, you do not yield any knowledge of any ability. On what will be the basis of our deep empire? That will help to overcome the ever-present enemies? world in which the player will have to act, is divided into two layers, in its own important and supporting different functions. The top layer is the focus of the emerging powers, Room of knowledge that will give you plenty of workers to exercise their heart"s desire. Lower as well serve as a source buried at a depth of resources, and in addition, that it conceals in its depths Crystals cherished and intimate sanctuary. fulfill our will, for a fee ready whole lot of disparate mercenaries - the true experts in their fields. First of all, pay attention to the good-hearted dwarfs. These stocky bearded short time proroyut tunnels almost anywhere and are a great help in exploring the endless rubble. Cleared from the space rock - workplace goblins carpenters that can create and equip the necessary equipment in the various workshops are large enough for this hall. And now, our patrimony expanding, acquiring laboratories, forges, mines and wells energy. Each of these rooms has a great importance for the development and victory. Thus, the laboratory will be great sites for your research experiments, a bit scattered, but very hardworking pink creature resembling funny soft balls. Nimble goblins armourers vykuyut all your subjects that they will need in military clashes - a complete set of armor and high quality weapons, including deadly charmed swords. Without Mines is supplying three types of resources, the campaign could end, and it began, so start supplying gold, metal and mineral magic umiya (Umium) as soon as possible. The wells are of equal strategic importance because they allow you to power the troops, without which hope to win the rumble fade rapidly heavy boots of soldiers of the enemy. fighting, however, deserve special mention. The process itself is automatic battle, and although we controlled substance and possess special skills, and abilities to magic, manage out only within the choice of tactics - balanced, offensive or defensive. But the preparation for future battles will take you a long time. By making resource extraction and organizing supply lines, you can start making equipment and hiring troops. For the first time will have to do rustic orcs - not too skilled, but quite capable of standing up for yourself guys. But then, when researchers will delight you with the first results of military research, you can take the service of a much more experienced mercenaries. Six kinds of magical creatures that are resistant to impact, easily bypassing the trap and ignore the enemy doors and fences can take even the most durable of the constructed enemy bastions. But this is still far away, and while you yourself would be nice to create an any line of defense, filling the endless corridors of nine types of traps and put here and there are six types of solid doors. adds even more interest to the game, our close relationship with employees and their pronounced individuality. Each new employee or soldier can personally choose the name of each has to constantly borrow something (otherwise all round the player will fall suddenly complaints like "Can I do not have to work, boss?"), Many have to be trained, increasing their level of health and skill. In this case, your players to be extremely selfish and greedy for production, so they will have to pay for everything - not only for the important work, but for a simple walk from one tunnel to another. However, nothing can be done about it - the ultimate goal in this case justifies any means. And, of course, one can not talk about the graphics performance of the game. Despite the fact that I mention it at the end of the review, it is occupied by one of the leaders in attracting players and a bit gloomy, but at the same time warm and in a way which leads to the emotion of the atmosphere of Magic Endoria . Depicted in the "cartoon" style being created as if to lift the mood to play and cause a kind smile on his face. And as for their amazing animation can be viewed without interruption, it is so skillfully executed. Add to this the smallest, but very impressive music, and get the game, more than worthy to brighten up your leisure hours. It would seem, at stake here is immortal, but ... Who, after all, care about winning, if important - part?
