Man Of War is comprised of two distinct sections, the turn based setup and plotting stage and the real-time action phase. In the setup and plotting stage, players can choose to play either a historical scenario or a customized scenario. From a map of the chosen battle, players survey the strength of their fleet, analyze the weakness of the enemy and contemplate stategy. During setup the appropriate pre-battle doctrine is set and first orders are issued through a flag system of command. When the planning is complete, Man Of War"s real-time action phase puts the player on the deck of the flagship in a first-person perspective. Players can move about freely to watch the outcome of their orders from any vantage point on the ship"s deck. In a phase that lasts up to four minutes, players will experience the roar of the cannons, the impact of a broadsice and a changing enviorment of 16 diffrent weather conditions. When the four minute turn is compete, play will return to the plotting stage where damage and fleet movement is assessed and new orders are issued. When the final orders are given and the last cannon has fired, the Victory Summary will display the results of the battle and proclaim the victor.

Not particularly complex pseudo maritime strategy that combines turn-based and real-time-elements. Before the game, you can select any historical campaign or create your own script. At beginning of the actual game first examined the composition and location of our fleet and the enemy, here you can (and should) give orders to the initial combat operations - in other words, make your move. Then begins the battle itself, and that it is much more interesting. fact that the Man of War almost the first time in the subgenre was used for the battle rounds of observations in the first person - with "the bridge." Stay on it lasts four minutes - just enough last phase of the fight, then comes back to someone of the players time to make the next move. During the same four minutes we can move relatively freely around the battlefield (such as select which ship we want to watch the battle, and at any time to review the ship can be changed), and I must say it looks a battle in this perspective just fine. Around fall cannonballs creaking sails raging fire - and we can only stand, watch and evaluate whether our orders right ... Battles are usually short. The winner is determined by the final statistics (who are more enemy ships sunk and damaged - and he won). Campaign - actually the same series of small skirmishes, and really big sea battles not wait (time limit the game). Graphics, by the way, for the year of release very, very wonderful. And as indicated at the beginning of the review "easy" - so it is only in a management plan, but does not pass. lovers of marine tactical strategy should see clearly - in the end, these games have never had much.
