"Don Domes figures learning math should be just as much fun as playing Nintendo. So the Oregon teacher teamed with a computer programmer to develop Math Strategies!, a software program that combines the fast-moving action of video games with basic math concepts.

Aimed at children age 5 and older, the program guides children through problems in addition, subtraction, multiplication, division and number recognition. Students run, shoot and blast to get through the doors, mazes and teleporters that stand in their way. They get immediate feedback as they solve the math problems they encounter, with the correct answer displayed in words and as a math equation.

The kids love it, said Pat Yoes, owner of Sylvan Learning Center in Vancover, Wash. It seems like something that speaks the kids" language.

Math Strategies! was piloted in public elementary schools before it was introduced to the market. It drew high marks from both students and teachers.

\u00e2he kids love the game, said Karen Buchzik, a media specialist in Hillsboro, Oregon. They will play it for hours. Meanwhile, they are almost effortlessly learning their math skills.

They beg to use it, said Jim Paterson, a second-grade teacher in Aloha, Oregon. The first thing when they walk through the door, that"s what they want to do.

As a parent of young children, Domes was frustrated at the lack of quality educational software on the market. As a high school teacher, he was concerned about the number of students who lack basic math skills.

If the kids don"t have basic skills, he said, it"s very difficult for us to teach them advanced concepts. Math is the language we use as the basis for understanding.

Math Strategies! is a non-violent computer game, with plenty of action, but no characters being eaten or destroyed by vicious-looking assailants. It"s auto-boot feature enables a child to use the program simply by inserting the disk in the floppy drive and turning on the computer.

Music and sound effects play in the background if the computer has a SoundBlaster sound card.

Teachers like Math Strategies! for several reasons, said Paterson. They say the constant repetition is important in learning new concepts. And it"s self-monitoring, which allows a teacher to work with students in another part of the room, while a child uses the program. Students can"t advance to the next level of difficulty until they have solved a certain number of problems at the current level.

Parents who home-school their children also find it a good learning tool, said Denny Woods, who teaches his son at their home in Clackamas, Oregon.

I have been very impressed with the versatility of the program in adjusting to a wide variety of skill levels, he said. "
