Mega Blast is a game based upon simple rules popularized by such classic titles like Dyna Blaster or Bomberman. A couple of players are placed in a maze and each of them have time-bombs at disposal. The goal is to eliminate adversaries; players can achieve this by detonating an explosive when enemy is in its range.

The walls and obstructions will initially make it difficult for you to move, but most of them are not resistant to explosions, so you can blast your way through. When you knock down a part of the maze, it may reveal a hidden bonus, like increased firepower, additional bombs, and so on. The most important thing, and the core concept of the game, is that bombs have delayed explosion time. You have to be very careful and pay attention where you place them, so that it won"t turn out later that not only you did no harm to your enemy, but took your own life instead.\u0009Mega Blast also introduces such new gameplay features as:

Flying bombs. The player has a possibility to throw them in four directions. Bombs are bouncing off themselves and screen edges, exploding when they reach other bombs" field of fire, or spontaneously, after some time. This offers many new possibilities and enriches gameplay strategy.

Bonuses. Apart from standard bonuses (prizes found under destroyed walls) such as increased fire range, or additional bombs, the game introduces surprise items. Those may have a positive effect (ability for the player to walk through walls, increased moving speed, unlimited fire range) as well as a quite undesirable one (bombs spontaneously falling out of player"s hands, exchange of places with another character, or mixed up controls).

Rare game, which is one of the many variations on the immortal Bomberman"a , made \u200b\u200bin Poland, and, accordingly, in Polish (no need to worry - the text in the game is almost none). specific scene in the game is not the essence of the gameplay is the following: in the two- Men are the maze (for at least one of whom is played by a player), armed with bombs, which seek to destroy each other with these bombs, putting them and then blowing up when competitors are nearby. As already mentioned, the action takes place in a maze, though quite narrow, so even for the normal movement to undermine the walls of corridors, (most of which could easily be blown up.) Sometimes the walls of the explosion site can be found in the ruins of some bonus - such as an extra bomb or a magnifier of yields. Range decent bombs, so they have to lay with caution, and the expectation that a further explosion do not hurt yourself. The game also has some interesting innovative things: for example, the flying bombs that can be dropped in all four directions and that explode in a collision other charges, as sometimes you can find unique bonuses, which can be both useful (for example, to temporarily increase the range of the bombs, give the character the ability to pass through the wall, to increase the speed of flight flying bomb), and, by contrast, are extremely harmful (dropping out Hand bombs bonuses that teleports the character to some undesirable location on the screen, and even the bonuses that make it impossible to properly manage the game for a while). Graphically the game looks weird, but in this genre to evaluate the picture quality is not necessary, it lovers will enjoy the thrill, because to play it pretty hard.
