Another artifact of the gaming industry, which can not be found on the Internet and he also mentions that there is little or none. The reason for its neglect is not entirely clear - probably the case here in a very limited edition and very high complexity. attributed Megamorph to any particular genre is very difficult. This is by no means a arcade, as you might think at first glance, but it"s still not quite a puzzle as you might in the future - it is very difficult for a number of criteria, and in a sense even philosophical (!) game, the story is, unfortunately, impossible to fully understand. If you try to fit it in one sentence, we get the following: Scientists have created a rational creature, which can take four different forms, and are now exploring its ability (in the first place, by the way, mind) in practice. So, in other words, brutally torturing this sweet creature. By default, there appears to us in a state of great and slow-moving, but very good red ball with the face (!), and the only good person, full of innocence and some sadness at the same time (here it should be noted at once the work of artists - is, of course, facial animation in pure form, but still). As already mentioned, it is not only his condition - there are three others. The second state - is roughly the same size ball, but in black, with a malicious aggressive snout, they are even more powerful and with a high rate of movement, but, unfortunately, poorly managed. The third condition - very slow-moving jelly blue creature (no face, only the eyes), which, however, can seep into different slots. Finally, the fourth state - the cloud (also only with the eyes), which can also leak somewhere (but somehow not as effective as the previous creation) and can - in contrast to all others - fly. gameplay features to be immediately noted here two. First, the passage of each level is limited in time, and the restriction is, admittedly, a rather strict. Second - at every level available to us is strictly limited number of transfers being in a particular state, usually - three for each of them. And pay attention to the fact that the "base" state - a red ball - the latter also applies, that is, you can come back to it, too, only three times. Located in each of the states can - within the overall time constraints - no problem. very essence of the gameplay is to overcome all kinds of obstacles, which scored a local level (usually a bit more playing screen), and find the transition to the next. Enemies in the game - there are only multiple puzzles and dangerous traps, made, apparently, cruel scientists Megamorfa creators. And marked the puzzle should be noted, are often highly complex and non-trivial - for example, sometimes you (being in the first two states) to jump on some of the floor area so that it breaks, and then quickly move to (for example) the third state to avoid sharp spikes or just to survive a fall from a great height, and then generally have time to become a cloud and fly away from the fire (which is close to disastrous for all states). levels themselves look like, usually vertical maze with lots of stairs, ramps, some other strange designs, all of them have names - such as "Laboratory", "Sewer", "Dangerous place" and so on, the sequence in the passage is not required, so you can start with any level is often quite impossible to understand how a particular level to advance up or down. Bonuses to collect in the game are available, but their role is not very significant (although they can be used to get an additional opportunity to go to a state, for example) - are all based solely on the uptake and speed of the player for his reaction and thinking. No level can not pass without using all four states, although ways to pass is often several. If you happen to have used all the "opportunity" to go to the state, which is necessary for a specific situation (eg, a certain part of the level can only pass in flight) - then you lose, even if that does not perish. In a word, to be bored here just do not have. Graphically Megamorph look good even now - a large, clear, fairly bright picture, the levels are varied in structure and design, and the design of their sometimes quite psychedelic, that is, and here everything is made \u200b\u200bof more than qualitatively . What"s the verdict? Yes, of course, can be the umpteenth time to repeat the words that only she is sorry that this game became known (was not even remember, and it has become known) is only now, after all these years - especially as it is true. But with Megamorph to say one more thing - this game really special. It is difficult to say whether such an atmosphere creates a completely unusual hero, a very special game pace, which at the outer slowness is really just mad, you just feel it in the first place by the brain, not your fingers, or a wild complexity at different stages, but one say with certainty: Megamorph - a rare example of a game that really filled idea, soul, sense. And a game in which even very, very difficult, but it can give pleasure just indescribable. So that it can recommend to everyone without exception oldgeymeram who rejoice in new discoveries in the world of old games and ready for the purposeful development of the next masterpiece. Game server will StormSpirit86 , for which many thanks to him. El Juego HA regalado StormSpirit86 . Muchas gracias!
