Spanish arcade incredible rarity, as well as the level of complexity that is close to unthinkable. At the moment it is one of the rare instances on our website (note collectors: to find the game on the Internet is impossible, in fact - not even any mention of it). Due sounded above circumstances make its detailed description is also not possible. The action is likely to occur in the future, in a kind of extremely hostile and inhospitable world. Milva - is likely to name the main character play, a long-haired girl with a blaster that way through this world, which is most easily described as "an island inside the caves," made \u200b\u200ba fantastic (objectively very high) jumping and fighting with various anthropomorphic and nonanthropomorphic monsters (Reptoids with blasters, giant snakes, and so on). Save the game, of course, is impossible, for each level is given six attempts, "life", but after the death of the heroine of the game starts from the beginning. And here she is killed by the slightest contact with the enemy or ammunition they use weapons (however, and its enemies, too). schedule as many Spanish older games pretty stingy and sometimes even close to the conditional, but in this case it is more dignity as wonderful creates the right atmosphere of hopelessness and terror of space (most likely after several attempts to get past the first level you start to feel it ...). It should be noted that in terms of complexity the game is comparable to the legendary Spanish game Mythos , so get behind her is only true professionals the platform genre. PS: Game Spanish, therefore, like all games of the country has its own peculiarities. Text, there are few, apart from the game menu and labels with serial numbers of levels. To play with the keyboard, you need to start menu, press "1". Management in the Spanish game is not sold as in the English language: O - go to the left, P - go to the right, Q - to jump, A - duck (and to return to the upright position, you need to press the same Q), a space - a shot. Go for it.
