Minotavrs - a "holy simplicity" of video games, a genre that is very difficult to determine. Perhaps it is not even rogue-like, and most that neither is on top-down-action, but very different from all the usual. The only known a little (nemnogo!) a similar thing - the game Master of Magic by Mastertronic platform C64. The game is a formal story - the hero must defeat the evil vampire - but here it is not important. meaning of the game - to roam the dungeons and kill creatures. You must collect some bottles of apparently magical potions - this is a weapon against the monsters with the same bottle can operate successfully in one type of monster and be useless when dealing with others. game screen is divided into three parts. The left black square and the small dots in it. One of these points - your character, other - monsters, various potions and other objects that are marked as walls of the maze that is "known" (ie, that the hero faced) discrete movement in the game. On the right side first all is dark and empty, but at the meeting or encounter with someone or something comes to graphical display (a door, a portrait of a monster, a wall, and so on). Downstairs there is a panel with the current inventory, with which you can choose to use potions. Fights rather primitive - at a meeting with the monster, the hero begins to decrease life-energy, monster will die sooner, rather than in the correct object to destroy it (although someone potion that can not work for a long time.) To go to the next level need to find the key to the door; levels apparently are generated randomly, but always fairly simple construction and are very similar to each other. no subplots and other things - only the most that neither is "high." Of schedule mentioned above - it is almost none. Images and pictures of monsters doors are made \u200b\u200bin the CGA-palette, but it is very clear and quite beautiful. The result was summed up in the very beginning - in spite of the simplicity in every way, this game (a rarity, by the way) is able to inspire and awaken madly just incredible nostalgia for the good old days.
