Missile Command is a simple game.  It consists of a series of rounds.  In each round the game mounts an attack on your cities.  This consists of missiles entering from the top of the screen or coming from a satellite or airplane that flies across the screen.  Also a flying saucer may try to destroy one of your cities or missile bases.  To defend yourself, you have three missile bases, each armed with ten missiles.  The idea is to destroy the attacking entities with your missiles before they can destroy your cities.  Missile bases which are destroyed will be reborn with the next round.  Cities lost are gone forever but the game generously rewards you with a bonus city for every 10000 points you score.  It is possible to have more cities than will show up on the screen; these reserve cities will take the place of the displayed cities as those are destroyed.  The reserve cities are also used in calculating the game score.

The game ends when all of your cities have been destroyed.  That will not take long if you do not defend skillfully.  Remember it takes time for your missile to get to its target so you have to lead the missile you want to intercept.

Also once you press that key the missile is fired; you need not wait on it. It will take care of itself, traveling to its targeted position and exploding there.  One useful strategy is to create an arc of death in the sky by moving the mouse cursor and rapidly pressing a fire key; small Xs will appear in the sky indicating the explosion points for the launched missiles.  Properly placed, this arc can thin an attack considerably, giving you time to pick off individual enemies that might have been missed in the fireworks.  Each of your missiles has a killing radius such that it does not have to directly hit a target to destroy it but that radius is smaller against a satellite, plane or flying saucer than it is against an attacking missile.

A thing to remember is that as wonderful as it is to shoot down a plane or flying saucer, the most important thing is to save the cities.
