Monkey Business is a puzzle game featuring a variant of the "Towers of Hanoi" tile game. The player needs to help a stack of monkeys retrieve two apples from a tree. They are only allowed to move one monkey at a time, and players may only arrange the monkeys such that a smaller monkey is on top of a larger monkey. There are three locations the monkeys may be moved to, and by moving the monkeys around to the different locations, players can re-stack them under an apple so they may pick it. When both apples have been picked, the level is complete. The score is based on the number of moves it takes to complete this task. There are three skill levels, each of which have a different number of monkeys that must be manipulated.

Not online rarity until recently aggressively guarded from the public availability of its few owners. Now, thanks to our site with it can read each. Formally, the game belongs to the "childish", but in reality will probably be of interest to all. The genre is known from ancient times (that is, long before the advent of computers) puzzle (in Russian - a puzzle), entitled "Tower of Hanoi." Its essence, if it does not know when someone comes down to the fact that there are three platforms on the left (usually) of which is worth more than one object on each other (smaller to larger), and the objects you want to move to the right (or the middle ) platform, and can move only one per turn, and the larger size can not be placed on the smaller. The same thing we are seeing here, but - the same only on the content, not the form. Paradoxically, the "monkey" "Tower of Hanoi" there is the plot! A family of monkeys (who are here the same "objects on the platforms") really want to break the apples from the tree, of which there are two things. But here"s the rub - apples hang just above the middle and right platform and not on the left, on which they stand (small to large). What is the task of the player - has already been described above. We need only add that to pass the level necessary to disrupt both the apple (in any order), that is to place monkeys first on one and then the other platforms - then you can replay the same level or select a new level of complexity. The number of points will be the higher, the less moves (movements of monkeys) for you to do so. Available with three levels of difficulty, but they differ only the original number of monkeys (the initial three of them, on average, four top-five). No time limit. Graphics in the game is quite unpretentious, but it should be noted that the well-drawn monkey and a piece of wood on the nostalgic blue screen look so good, that nothing more is needed. Yes, the game really is perfect for children, because, as any version of this great puzzle, develops great ingenuity, but, again, this is why it will be a good entertainment for players of all ages. It is simply a pleasure to play - in a different way, and not to say. Well, if you"re a collector - then pay attention to it is all the more so as the web DOS-version of this miracle is impossible to find.
