Mouser is a maze game with an overhead view similar to Pac-Man. The object of the game is to help the farmer rid his farm of mice. To do this the player must move the walls of the maze around to corner the mice, allowing their cat to take care of them. If a female mouse gets to a piece of cheese, it will reproduce and the player will have even more mice!

Rather quaint old game which some reason called variant Pac-Man " . In it you play a farmer who has to clean up his farm from her flooded mice. farm consists of nine rooms, each of which is a maze of many walls that could move between them just scurrying mouse. You can walk between the rooms - exit one and enter into another. - Your task is to move the walls, trying to pinch each mouse between them, so that she will not have the opportunity to move, and then the mouse will be able to catch the cat (this point in the game does not show - cats just standing around doing nothing). However, all this farmer has to do "by hand" - he walks through the maze walls and move, and the mouse in the game - the size of a farmer, so contact them ends instantaneous death. For each mouse was given glasses (shown at the top left of the screen), but the loss of life due to zero (but at least the position of the mice on the screen does not change.) Also, at each level there is one (first) piece of cheese. If it gets to the male mouse (a mouse in the game come in both sexes), then there will be new pieces of cheese. If it will make female - that will increase the number of mice (female mice so you should try to catch in the first place). If you run away from the mouse to another room - do not go back there in the same way as the mouse will be waiting for you there (and in general the position of all the mice in this room will remain the same after you left to return). Another important point: in some rooms is very little light, so you can see only a very limited radius around. This is solved by the lamp, but it must first find ... And if you catch a mouse in a square bordered by the cat, but without a wall between a cat and a mouse, it is at least not allow the mouse to move, but is not considered a complete capture of the will (and make the game impassable) and sometimes the farmer may get stuck against the wall. Surprisingly - graphics in the game (especially since the year of its release and size) is wonderful, especially pleases Funny portrayal of evil mice. But here"s the difficulty level in the game - the highest, and to pass it is not given to everyone, because it requires both enormous perseverance, attentiveness and responsiveness. However, if you are willing to try - go ahead and let the mice tremble!
