Basically a remake of the SNES game Super Troll Islands, but superficially incorporating TV character Mr Blobby, who was famous for crushing people and shouting "Blobbitty Blobbitty Blobby" or words to that effect, neither of which he does in the game.

It"s essentially a platform game, but the 60 levels are reliant on you colouring in enough of the screen, by walking over it. Power ups are on offer, and the levels include some interesting design features, including ladders, spikes and springs to bounce off.

You can switch between the 3 characters (Mr Blobby, Mrs Blobby and Baby Blobby) at any point, and only lose once all 3 are out of lives. There are plenty of bad guys around, all looking identical and following pre-programmed attack paths.

Rare arcade virtually unknown in our TV series and at one point called "adaptation to PC game Super Trolls II for NES \u00bb(this is true or not - I can not judge.) Some complicated story here could not be found: from the fairy world is stolen all the color, and now it must go back. The protagonist of the game - Mr. Blobbi, some tall and powerful human-pink-yellow creature with a round ugly head, reminiscent of the bubble, however, it is very similar too not on the bubble, not the western "gingerbread men". gameplay is at first almost identical to the dozens and dozens of other platformers: it is necessary to fight the "bad guys", collect power-ups, jump, climb ladders and avoid the traps in the form of clusters of spikes. But, of course, the main part is that the background level as you progress through changes color - first, all gray, but after the passage of the hero by anything it is anything painted. A little later, you can notice the presence of some kind at the level of rectangles - locations within the lines. If you walk along these lines - the whole rectangular area will become colored. And when those will become rectangular area on this level - you can go to the next one, and it is the "coloring" of the world and is the only purpose of the hero. Incidentally, the game is played and the family members of Mr. Blobbi - his wife and young child, and in certain points in time (usually when the current character in the way of any problems occurred, for example, he was stuck somewhere), you can choose who you want to play (including - at the very beginning of the game, in the family home Blobbi ). Each of them - three lives, and the game will be played only when each of the characters in their "use up." According to the characteristics of each other characters do not differ, but the easiest way to play as it may seem, the kid - he"s nimble and quick, so it is easier to just get away from the powerful enemies. Bonuses in the game are basically the different types of food, to pick them up, just pass by. Formally, they are used to score points, but some species (eg, cream cake) can be used as a weapon against enemies. "Real" weapons, by the way, there also is, and it is quite diverse and not quite familiar: a water pistol, a fan, a bomb ... Graphically, the game looks above average, backgrounds are colorful and well drawn, there are even some special effects, only sixty levels, the size of they are just great, and though you can not call them particularly diverse, but all the same to each other, they are not identical, and often see even very interesting, almost surreal place. But that"s about the enemy, unfortunately, the same can not be said: most of the enemies in this game is exactly the same look and fight exactly the same way, too, and it"s very, very frustrating, but then somehow diversity will be here. Verdict - the game is first collection value as really rare, because, unfortunately, nothing special about it. But while there is nothing wrong - it"s just the most that neither is on average platformer with not the usual hero, quite suitable for evening relaxation.
