A little boy named Suk receives an unexpected visit from a fairy tale superhero named Koo. Koo explains that the fairy tale worlds are in grave danger: the heroes were corrupted and turned into villains. The only way Suk and Koo can stop them is by merging with each other and becoming an even more powerful fighter who can put an end to the trouble in fairy land.

My Friend Koo is a colorful action platformer. The protagonist travels to various worlds loosely based on popular stories for children such as Peter Pan, The Wizard of Oz, and others. Sometimes it is necessary to talk to friendly characters and acquire items. Most of the game, however, is dedicated to traditional platform jumping and fighting using punches and kicks. The hero also learns several magic spells during the course of the game, and gains access to special attacks such as summoning a unicorn that flies around and kills enemies.

Very nice platform game, the graphics which is somewhat like the anime. action begins in Europe for Christmas where my mother the night the boy is reading the fairy tale of the Indian for a name Koo. At the middle of the story the boy goes to sleep, but the power of the Christmas magic revives his favorite book character. He wakes up the boy and tells him about the terrible plight of children of the Kingdom of Fairies, captured villains, and asks for help. The boy agrees, and Koo is infused into it, integrating it with its strength. game of the genre itself is an arcade fighting game with a strong element and resembles a "childish fantasy", because the action will take place in a completely different and amazing places - from the pirate ship to forest fairies. Hero available for at least three methods of attack - feet, hands, and throwing something - but then expanded its arsenal. The game is made \u200b\u200bfor children, so there is no blood and murder, almost all the enemies look like angry children, and after defeating them not die and fall to the floor and begin to weep dramatically, to do with them after that, nothing is impossible. Naturally, as in any arcade, have bonuses. Graphics resembles good old Japanese cartoon (actually, in a sense, this is an interactive cartoon), quality of drawing as a background, and the characters are very happy. Verdict - despite the focus on children, the game may well please and adults, especially those who like anime and all the beautiful hand-drawn game.
