Virtually an unknown race, released a very limited edition. The concept of the game is amazing - race is not very large machines in the future kiberpankovom top view (ie, as in games of radio-controlled cars). But there is no particular story in the game, unfortunately, no. Runs only thirty. There are two game modes: arcade and simulation, and the management of them is different from each other a little. Arcade game - it"s just a single race, where we do not have to worry about anything other than winning the race. In the simulator, we participate in the championship, the fuel of course, is a model of damage, and our "sponsors" are expecting for each visit at least once, we will show a trick. Depending on the used space we will have to pay some amount of money (I mean - the prize, one of the three, if it is not - then the game stops), which can and should be spent on improving your vehicle: make, for example, the case and tires more durable, more powerful engine. This race is hard enough, rivals continually strive to knock each other off the road, so to improve the strength of the machine should be taken seriously. There are three levels of difficulty - easy, medium and hard, but they differ only in the number rivals on the track (or three, five or seven), and not by their behavior. The interface is friendly scale and during the race, we can see a map of our location on the map the route, our current time, and more. Statistics and calculations rivals highscores also underway. But the main feature of the game - this is, of course, is precisely how it got its name: nitro bonuses. These things can be collected during each race, they provide for a time a huge boost, and you can either catch up and overtake someone, or strongly off. Also worth noting, and a wide variety of routes: not only will the dark city, but the jungle, desert and snow. graphics in the game at least a very nice and fully three-dimensional (although not very familiar term review), albeit mostly dark, sometimes not believe that this is DOS (game - one of the most powerful technology for the platform). Verdict - a very good thing for all fans of the genre, can only regret that another more than decent game never ever been appreciated.
