Rare Spanish futuristic arcade, until recently, not only inaccessible, but almost completely unknown to the world. sophisticated plot is not: it is only known that the action takes place in the future and will play a rebel hero - a man who fights with monsters and robots. His goal - to find and destroy a host computer that controls all these creatures. Type in the game from the side, the level of all three (are called "sectors"), but everyone - a large and filled with lots of ground and flying enemies of various types. At the end of the game the hero expects battle with the boss - a giant cyborg. spite of the fact that the game is made \u200b\u200bin Spain (and the only text that is in it, - the menu - in Spanish) and its management is largely identical to the English-speaking world games: For example, move the character back and forth by the arrow keys instead of O and P. Our hero can not only run, but to jump and crouch, which is extremely important, because a lot of enemies can be defeated (and sometimes avoided) only in the position of a jump or squat. Much of the enemies in the game the hero kills at the slightest touch. These enemies are presented as "futuristic" robots, for example - by some flying "tadpoles" and the very real monsters - like bipedal snakes, with whom you will encounter at the very beginning of the game. Bonuses have even often, but are not on the ground, and literally falling from the sky. There are several "lives", also has a time limit (but rather gentle) on the passing game. Graphics quite pleasant, although, of course, a special variety of colors can not boast, backgrounds and even attractive, but dark and stingy on any details. But the figure of the hero and his enemies drawn very clearly, that this game is more important. What is really happy - so it"s really difficult gameplay and virtually non-stop action in the tradition of "fighting begalok" turn the 80-90"s. If we add to this huge collection value of the rare book - we get another old game, which is recommended to download all without exception.
