Out on a LEM is a BASIC-programmed Lunar Lander-type game. The goal is to land on the white goal pad without crashing into moon"s jagged surface. The cursor keys are used to operate the left, right and vertical thrusters to land the Lunar Excursion Module (LEM) as gently as possible. A thruster is turned off by pressing the same key a second time. The fuel supply also needs to be watched. If there is fuel left, the on-board computer will attempt to return the LEM to Earth.

Worthy representatives of members of the family Lander , written in BASIC. A number of properties of this game can almost be considered its arcade simulator, not just an arcade. These properties can be primarily attributed the following facts: 1. LM is not hanging motionless above the surface, and has an initial horizontal velocity, which will have to put out, 2. Pronounced inertia; 3. Fuel must not only trees, but also to return to orbit, 4. In the case of very very unfavorable terrain or high costs of fuel landing on the moon can be canceled, flying out of the playing screen. gameplay is as follows: the lander appears in the upper left corner. With its initial horizontal velocity, it moves to the right. The force of gravity gives it a negative vertical speed. These two speeds and must pay for a soft landing on the ground. When you exit the module beyond the screen planting canceled. top of the screen is the "dashboard\u00bb: X - horizontal velocity (positive value corresponds to moving to the right), Y - the vertical velocity (positive value corresponds to moving up), ALT. - Altimeter, showing the height above the lunar surface. At the bottom of the screen data on the amount of fuel (FUEL). For fuel helps a little to watch the game soundtrack - squeak different pitch and frequency. Planting should seek to produce a marked white landing. Scoring is not, but depending on the accuracy of "hit the bull"s eye," illustrates the different types of greetings (with the most precise fit available compliments of the President). Sit only on a perfectly flat surface area, located around the airfield. Collision with the surface too fast, leading to an explosion or a module, or if the speed was not too high, in an accident and can not return to the orbit of the moon. After a successful landing and greeting procedure will start returning to Earth, the module will automatically start the engine and if the fuel is sufficient, you will see the best of all messages: \u00abWELCOME HOME HERO\u00bb. graphics of this game, made \u200b\u200bin the CGA-palette, ascetic and austere as the moon"s surface. Sky with white stars and blue dots Earth that shows the outline of the Americas, the northern polar cap and atmospheric fronts in South America. Below - Blue moon rocks and a small white dash landing pad on a flat surface area. In the sky from left to right moving pink dot with two lines - with the landing module supports. All. Other images in the game to be found. But that by today"s standards the poorest of the poor schedule has a strange, almost hypnotic charm - the game is difficult to break away. It makes plant module again and again to get to know how many times the "Welcome Home Hero", the message of the death of the lunar module.
