Overkill was developed and published by ID Interactive (or developed by Dynasty Software, as some sources say) in 1996 (or 1997). It is one-on-one space-themed fighting game that doesn"t offer too much...

Graphics are the best aspect off the game. Although 2D, this game features 3D modeled characters and futuristic backgrounds in SVGA. Even the main menu of the game has 3D effects, and it looks really good. But, if you scratch under the beautiful surface, you"ll find just an average fighting game...

There are 7 characters to choose from, all from different galaxies. The selection screen reminds me of the one found in Killer Instinct. Some of the characters will also remind you off the characters you"ve already seen somewhere, like T.Iron, who is obviously inspired by T-1000 from T2: The Judgement Day or Cax, who is a ripoff of Guile from Street Fighter series. When the round starts, you"ll notice that the animation is not as fluid as in other fighters, so that could be an obstacle in fully enjoying the game.

Sounds... Well, it sounds like much older game, giving you the strange feeling that some of the sound effects are missing. As for the background music, I can"t tell anything, because its ripped from the version I"m reviewing.

Story mode... ripped, because you won"t get anything, when you press "Introduction" at the main menu, nor you"ll get a thing when you finish the game and defeat the final boss, who might be a secret character. It"s really a shame story mode is missing. I can just assume that it consists of some cool 3D rendered pictures or
maybe even animations, in full version of the game...

Controls are quite simple. You have three attack buttons - punch, kick and attack, which is another punch or kick, depending on the character, and when you get close, you can use it to throw your opponent. Every character has several special moves, easy to perform, and one super move, that"s executed in the same manner for all of the fighters. Super gauge is an interesting part, since it looks like a body silhouette, and it can be charged really fast... The problem is that CPU knows that, so be warned, when playing against it.

There are three modes to choose from - 1 Player, 2 Players and Practice. You can adjust timer, number of the rounds, speed and difficulty in options, and that stands for SFX and Music volume as well. Controls can be configured in external setup.
