Phobos "99 is an arcade-puzzle game, which is set in 2099 in the auto lab-fortress circulating the orbit of Phobos, artificial satellite of Mars. Phobos Lab was left by a mysterious civilization that died out thousands of years ago and now endangers the safety of Earth. A new generation of specialized robot is sent on a mission to destroy it.

The mission is to collect fissile material scattered throughout the station.  After reaching a critical mass explosion will destroy the lab. At successive levels robot will interfere with hostile creatures, such as spiders and ghosts, as well as elements of the environment, such as ice and radioactive traps. For equal opportunities robot receives aid in the form of ghost hunters, extra life, bonus power, magnetic card opening bridges. Whole is complemented by moving walkways and teleports. 

There are 100 levels in total. There is no possibility of saving the game - after completing each level, the player receives the level code.

An interesting version of Pacman "and the unknown Polish developer. The action moved into the space and is at the middle of the surreal platforms of stellar black abyss, and the prospect is now an isometric view, but the essence remains the same. We control the red balls, whose mission - to collect all the points on a checkered board and advance to the next (although in the level you can go to another immediately, but then have to come back), because not too big responsive handling sometimes difficult to collect all the points. Fall out over the edge of the field, appear to be impossible, but you can die from a collision with the evil green creature that occasionally appears on the platforms. Platforms are also sometimes found bonuses - for example, the acceleration of our bun. The passage of each level is given a few tries. game is made \u200b\u200bin nice graphics and features many unusual sounds and great music - as in the opening, and, for example, at a loss. All in all - a great game for a great theme and no less great entertainment for the evening. PS: The game is entirely in Polish. Text in it is on the menu and quite a bit - in the game. For the game to know the language is not necessary, but at least a few words to understand desirable.
