Now you are not just another "rare artifact" game industry, a game that is on a much higher level in the "scale of rarities." This is a platform created by independent Brazilian (!) Developer, in Portuguese, spread extremely limited edition of only in the home country (and a newsstand!) And "forgotten" or "obscure", namely that "completely unknown" in the rest of world. A true exotic, in fact. Incidentally, the term "platform" for the game to fully apply all the same can not be, since the game does not contain such a small element of adventure. Also should be noted that the same name sci-fi film "Red Planet" it has nothing to do. Action Planeta Vermelho is in the very distant future. And the plot of the game seems to be quite commonplace and even expected - a small spacecraft with astronaut aboard the mysterious suddenly abducted by aliens. But then comes the fun part - namely, a secret. Mystery - is the foundation of the game, it follows us at every step, and each step only makes her more and more. What you need to do to overcome this force field? .. Why the hero always dies trying to jump the gap (yes, there are aliens on the ship gap)? Why, finally, we were left arms (!)? Answer some of the questions can be found in the game options - for example, where we learn that, it appears, for the long jump is necessary to give the character a separate command - but that, for most of the mysteries have a good stretch gyrus. And almost every screen here - it"s some kind mystery, and the further - the only harder. Note also that the exit from the ship to the alien"s home planet is also out. game was released in 1997 (although technically it is not a particularly powerful for its time, which is understandable, given its origin) and, as has been said, in Portuguese. But that does not stop playing - because there is only text in the background (short phrases that can be translated in the dictionary.) As for the graphics - it is still remarkable. Side view, and a bright color palette, but the dark and somewhat monotonous and "boring", but the plot of the game is more than adequate - because it is and should be, perhaps, the secret space base aliens ... In any case, the atmosphere here is simply mesmerizing. Verdict - the game is not only terribly interesting in itself, but also has a great historical value, allowing you to touch something completely alien (but soon to become capable of native) and read one of the masterpieces of the Brazilian gamedev 1990s.
