In front of you - not just another crazy rare, and a very special thing, which is unique in the collection of our website at the moment is not (and is unlikely to ever appear). First, formally of this game (or rather, its DOS-version) simply do not have - there is no place where we could find information about it. Second, while it exists, is that it managed to get to work - a phenomenon even more extraordinary. By genre Prince - is a tactical wargame (that is, all the gameplay - is the creation of the army and fight, no scenarios, campaigns, planning , resources, and other reinforcements are not). The action takes place on a small island in a fictional medieval, this island is inhabited by two hate each other prince, who finally came seriously get even with each other, which gathered the army and entered the field of battle. The goal is simple and clear - you need to destroy enemy troops Prince. Only two types of troops - infantry and cavalry. The total number of soldiers in each army is set before the game, and can range from forty-five to five hundred fourteen. Also, before you start, you can choose one of eight islands, where all the action will unfold. in the game has three levels of zooming (only army in the form of conventional signs, some Army units in a grid is, the whole army in the form of figures of soldiers) and three degree of comprehensiveness of view: the ability to see the enemy army regardless of its position at a certain proximity to you, or only when your army is there and also displayed. game screen consists of the activation screen, the interface panel at the bottom of the panel and orders the right. Orders for the infantry and cavalry are slightly different, but always available move, attack and retreat. It is also important to note that the orders depending on the current map scale: that is, according to it, you can order a specific soldier, or even the whole army. To return an order to allocate specific unit (for example), select a specific order, and then specify the "direction" of its execution (that is, say, move or step That"s where). All orders are given and executed in real time. When enemy armies meet, the battle begins. It runs automatically, and new orders either party to give after a collision can not, only the soldiers perform their allotted last orders. Therefore, the approach of the enemy army is very important to have time to think, and to give as much as possible "correct" orders to have a chance to win the battle. Battle usually goes up to the moment when one of the princes, shall not perish, but sometimes it happens that all gave the order has been completed, and both Prince is still alive, in which case the army as a "cost" for a short distance, so that you and The enemy had the opportunity to give new orders, and then come together again to fight. Unfortunately, the game, in spite of its numerous advantages, there are small flaws that make it difficult gameplay. So, sometimes it is difficult (it is technically not in the least due to the fact that everything happens in real time) to give the troops the order to move it to where we want. Another point - because, again, it all happens quickly and somewhat confusing, is not always clear exactly when the troops completed the execution of a single order and are ready to execute the next (as they perceive the new order only after having been "completed" the previous one). But Of course, such details can not spoil the impression of this wonderful thing, especially since (and this is perhaps the most surprising) schedule here, and even more so for vargeyma just phenomenal. If the first two modes, the game is scaling can remind us the usual "color wargames" with cell-hexene on the field, that"s a maximum consideration, we can contemplate the work of art in the form of lovingly traced units and highly detailed landscapes with forests, hills, rivers and so on. Finally, the game supports two-player mode. Verdict - though not a masterpiece, but a truly wonderful, exciting and very beautiful "light" wargame, play which will certainly be of interest not only to lovers subgenre. And most importantly - a great example of a game that was in every sense of the word re-opened for mankind.
