Post this description is here with nothing. Before you - the demo version of the game. Just because the full version of it for the PC never been published. Officially Putty Squad in the full version was published at all for console SNES, but there is also a full version of vintage computers Amiga, which was sent a few copies to reviewers magazines (but on sale it has not received and is not found so far). This decision - without doubt one of the worst crimes against humanity in the history of computer games. game itself is a continuation of not leaving on PC Putty - a game in which small blue amorphous creature similar to a ball of putty, opposes terrible magician and his army of cats. But this time it"s even worse - the troops invaded the Sorcerer Klud, homeworld Putty, and actually took it. Many relatives and friends Putty captivity, and puppies, which in part to help deal with the hated enemy, committed treason and became soldiers Wizard. But while alive our great hero-ball - the hope is still there. gameplay, as opposed to the first part, is based almost exclusively on the battle with the enemies and jumping, that is part of any kind of puzzles was reduced almost to zero (though sometimes understand where do you have to go, you can still not instantaneous). Appearance in the game, of course, on the side, while moving within the level (and to turn their funny eyes) Putty might and right, and left. He knows how to do a lot of things - great jumping, doing flips in the air, can "bend down" to the ground, effectively spreading and turning into a puddle, can swell to enormous size, to run in the extended state, climb walls, absorb different subjects and even seemed explode, that his ability is not limited to, and believe me, that every available skill in a particular game situation necessarily useful. In addition, Putty is not defenseless: when meeting the enemy (most importantly - so your eyes in the right direction), he creates out of his body powerful fist that one blow sends many enemies in a better world, and this is just the initial, basic remedy ... Game consists of a number of levels (but in this demo version, alas, are only the first four.) For passing each level required to release all captives friends Putty - such as balls, like himself, but the red and the smaller size (at the time of the meeting with the ball must press the "down" - then Putty swallow it, "taking with him") . See where the ball is almost always without problems, but that"s just to get to it is not always necessary, especially as around some of them are very serious security. By the way, the enemies in the game are varied and really curious, though, and at first you"ll have to deal mainly with the dog soldiers, but at the first level, there neubivaemye frog whose languages \u200b\u200bare being killed in one hit, and which can only jump, and then will be and cats, and parrots, and even bestial carrots and catchy jaw. (!) Also at the first level, besides the enemies, there are a variety of traps (spikes, get out of the ground, and so on). dogs kill enemies in the game very easily. First, they are, as already mentioned, are killed after a precise strike. Secondly, they can naprygnut top - then the dog will be covered helmet and temporarily immobilize him. If you hit him in such a state - that it will not disappear, and "fly" over a long distance (and thus can fall and break somewhere). Vital energy Putty represented as dots on the top of the screen. Most often, each enemy hit takes one such "point" (sometimes does not take away, and the same frog, as has been said, takes away all of them at a time), that is, with one blow, our hero will not die. To make up for health are various bonuses in the form of food (meat, burgers and so on) that sometimes fall out of enemies (one point of life is reduced eaten two bonus). Naturally, only those bonuses is not limited - Putty can find bonuses in the form of stars, when collecting a certain number of which appears access to this or that powerful weapons: ten pieces - particularly powerful blow, twenty - is something like a gun (after all kill "hands" can not), well, the collection of forty Putty will be a real Terminator (as it is called in the game). And Putty can (it is available at the first level) to sit in a huge flying machine and bomb enemies from above, to absorb some of the enemies and then take their shape and even do things like cause to aid the spirit of his enemy from the last game - a huge cat as well as "Uncle Ted," which will play the melody, leading enemies into a stupor ... There are many other bonuses - for example, a bomb: they also need to collect a certain amount of nitroglycerin, then to be able to separate themselves from the bomb and throw it (its a blast bomb can not just kill a lot of enemies, but also to give access to something to which he did not get the other way), and have, say, a special shield that can make a character temporarily invisible, or X-ray glasses, allowing to search for secret doors. But it should be noted, too, that the enemies are not only not very weak, and can easily attack Putty from a distance, especially to pursue him, to appear suddenly in his way, and even bombing from above, some of the same prisoners who should be released, not only well protected , and so that will have to use some sort of trick to rescue them. graphics in the game quite a luxury - the brightest and juicy a painted 2D, drawing on its magnificent creatures and backgrounds of the levels, that is, everything is as it should be in a really cancel platformer. Of course, incredibly sorry that we so mean it impossible to play the full version of this miracle, but even this demo version can make a huge positive charge of the game and probably will still be of interest to all oldgeymeram who like platformers.
