"QUATRIS II is very easy to operate and play. If you know TETRIS, QUATRIS II shouldn"t be any problem at all for you. If not, don"t worry, read this section of the document and you should be able to play in minutes.

Before we go any further, I would like to inform you that QUATRIS II is not like any other games where you play just for the fun or the pleasure of it. QUATRIS II can actually exercise your brain in visualizing objects. Once your brain is trained to visualize each of the blocks shown and its four rotated forms, QUATRIS II should be much easier to play than before. For most people, this step takes several days, but once you get the hang of it, we guarantee that you"ll be hooked. Also, most of our customers are grown-ups, some even with PH.D degrees, and many high-school teachers, although we"ve had a 7 year old kid who actually saved his money for 2 months to purchase this program. Just giving you an idea of the quality of is program. My suggestion to beginners is not to use any of the bombs if you do not understand quite yet how QUATRIS II works.

The rules for playing this game is very simple: You will be given pieces, usually composed of four blocks, falling down from the top of the Game Window or ""WELL"" in TETRIS terminology. These blocks will slowly fall down to the bottom. You are to rotate, adjust, and place these blocks in a way so that you will not have any blank spaces in between these pieces. When you completely fill a row, that particular row will disappear. You are to continue this step so that the pieces will not stack-up to the top--if they do, the ""GAME IS OVER"". Once again, if this is your first time playing, do not use any of the bombs, it will give you a wrong idea of the game. Also note that there are several penalties for using the bombs.

The more rows you fill-in at once, the more points or more (QX)s you get. (QX) is a unit in QUATRIS terminology used to measure scores. High scores will also be sorted using your (QX)s. At the end of each level, if you have any remaining ENERGYs, which is used to activate bombs, will contribute to your total score."
