Alas, not all employees are fit to perform their duties responsibly. Many people do not pay proper attention to their work, many do show negligence, and some very very notorious cheapskates can bring a lot of trouble to their more responsible colleagues. Imagine this scenario: you are - the foreman railroad serving the railway station - not anticipating a bold, stand up for duty the night shift. Everything is going as usual, is on the table bring-newspaper, the window - still of the night, the dark-blue sky, dotted with bright stars, and the big station lights, whose soft light immerses station in a pleasant yellow of ... And, of course, cars, lots of cars. Frequenters of these places, they seemed frozen in its supreme silence in anticipation of an early awakening. Cars ... Wait a minute, what do those two tanks on the fourth way? Sensing something was wrong, you go up to the booth and panoramic - oh, horror! - Come face to face with the harsh reality of the status quo. At the station - a mess: cars chaotically scattered throughout the station, the arrows are set at random. But worst of all, on a schedule in a few minutes from the main road should depart the composition, and the daily team had not even formed! Break out of the schedule - a disaster! Well, it seems, the night reading the newspaper this time postponed ... The ability to feel on this very site foreman you just provides Railroad Switch Challenge. Main tasks in the game two: sort all the cars on the necessary facilities and build the station on the main road serving staff. You should see a lot more fortunate than to the foreman: hook and uncouple cars, set points and to perform all other necessary for the task, you can easily manipulate the touch of a button. First, though, to figure out what goes with what unlink that mesh with what, what direction to send and in what order to do all this. should also note the caveat that the cars themselves will not go (imagine that!) so each of the incorrect "parked" cars to be towed to the desired object with the locomotive - the only part of which you can control directly. This is where the game and gives you all their intricacy and depth, providing a great chance to test your wits. Gameplay Railroad Switch Challenge - clean water puzzle, the solution of which will need attention, the ability to make quick decisions and good hand movements. The last point is explained by the fact that the game is a very specific control, to get used to that, of course, will take time. But the master, you will be able to concentrate on the tasks assigned. For those who default job seem too simple, the game offers a kind of design, allowing yourself to scatter all the cars at the station. Well, a few words about the technical part: Railroad Switch Challenge was made \u200b\u200bin far in 1982, so, for obvious reasons, is unlikely to blow your mind with its beauty, but be sure that even simple little graphics and no music will not spoil your pastime for Railroad Switch Challenge: When you face a problem in six minutes of fully staffed railway composition, then distracted by external stimuli strongly once!
