As we all know, the most "canonical" (and almost the only more or less well-known) strategy of Ancient Egypt is a game of Pharaoh 1999. Much of the earlier strategy game on the same topic - Day of The Pharaoh - who knows little. But about the game Ramses , which is also a strategy that - no one at all. But she, nevertheless, there is, in fact - now the chance to meet this lost, it would seem, rarity, everyone has. Ramses - trading strategy, already a very "old" age. This means that, unfortunately, you can tell about it is not much, because unlike many other well-known games of this trend is almost there. There are not very large starting capital, you can buy the ship (as long as one, but you can choose from many choices, they are finally something different), have products that need to sell in order to increase their capital - first, to improve the ship, and then for the purchase of new and their own wealth. All of this action takes place in ancient times (second millennium BC) on the map of the Eastern Mediterranean, in which we have to boldly break new trade routes along the way trying to beat our competitors (in the game can be played up to four players, including people living with one computer). And that"s what"s really worth noting here - so it"s graphics, which, apparently, has never been a strong point of the old strategies of the plan. But here we are waiting for not only a very high-quality color and drawing the world map and button interface - here we are waiting for animated pictures and even a small monologue! .. For example, is worth only merchant ships, which meets us at the very beginning of the game and allows you to choose a ship (each of which also show animated and very interesting)! .. In general, the visual play very nice, and not very difficult. Verdict - it certainly is not a masterpiece, but still a worthy and unjustly forgotten (but correct to say - lost) a representative of the old trade policies, which, in my opinion , sub-genre fans will have quite the taste.
