Richard Scarry"s Busytown is a Sega Genesis and DOS video game that was released for a younger generation of gamers. This game was based on the television show The Busy World of Richard Scarry that was produced by CINAR and Paramount Television.

The game consists of an interactive story book that was written by Richard Scarry. Most of the game is spent exploring Busytown looking for things to interact with using either the gamepad or a special mouse that could be purchased separately from the game and the console system.

Young gamers will do everything from building a house using construction tools to delivering something to repair a ship. Games are relatively short and can be finished in about an hour. Familiar faces from Richard Scarry"s works of literature include Huckle Cat and Lowly Worm. Another game allows players to control the wind in order to cause controlled havoc at the Busytown park and beach. Other games located throughout Busytown include helping finish Mr. Fix-it"s latest invention, helping a patient at Dr. Diane"s hospital, delivering goods throughout Busytown, helping Smokey the Firefighter prepare a fire engine for extingushing a house fire, work at a gas station, fill orders at an automated deli, learn basic addition/subtraction on a see-saw, and help Bananas Gorilla get his box of bananas out of a park full of tourists. All games offer basic vocabulary practice as simple puzzles help improve basic problem solving and English language skills.

The voice quality of this game is realistic when compared to the cartoons of that era. All of the characters act and talk like their counterparts in the books and the cartoon series. If the player puts too much lemonade or soda in the glass and spills some out of the glass, then one of the characters may ask the player "Are you blind?" in a gentle voice. Delivering stuff allows the town to slowly come to life. The Sega version omits the Mr. Fix-it, Dr. Diane, gas station, see saw and Bananas Gorilla portions of the game.
