River Raid is a vertically scrolling action game. You fly a jet up a river in an attempt to destroy bridges which are vital to the enemy. The river is heavily guarded, however, with balloons, ships, choppers, and enemy aircraft trying to stop you. Along the way you will need to fly over fuel stations to refuel your jet and keep flying.

The plane is armed with a cannon with unlimited ammo. It can be used to destroy the enemy vehicles and bridges, but a careless player can accidentally destroy a fuel station. Colliding with the riverbanks or with the enemy aircraft destroys your plane and makes you lose a life.

The aircraft flies forward. Aircraft fires. The plane running out of fuel. We are watching all of this on top. This is called the River Raid . At these words of the older generation of players kindly requested not to read what is written below, and to spend time on something more useful - the passage for the umpteenth time this game, for example. For the rest ... River Raid - this is one of those games that needs no introduction, the odes of praise and more. This is not just some "gold", "diamond" or some other classic, is something more, something that comes to mind, among others, the great masterpieces when we utter the phrase "computer game." Left River Raid on almost all gaming platforms of the time. essence of the game enough (surprisingly) is described in the first paragraph. A little more specific. We control the airplane that flies over the river (sometimes - two rivers, the lake - water, in a word). Its mission - to bomb the bridges over water that are important to the enemy. What the enemies - but who cares? Perhaps it somewhere and say, but I personally like the question never asked. Why? It"s just not necessary. Bridges protected plenty of water and air enemies, some of whom are airships, airplanes, helicopters, ships and more. They shoot at us, we shoot at them and try to destroy it. The plane limited supply of fuel, if it is over - it will be bad. So you need to refuel at special stations where we will meet them. The amount of ammunition infinite (and if you want to destroy the same fuel station - please). If you encounter an enemy flying object, or with something else, the plane always explode (but the game is not over, because we have a "life"). more if they wanted to have nothing to say, and that is something good. Description show you a boring, no "flavor"? If so, look at the year of the game. It is now we have the order of hundreds of thousands of its pall options with dozens of "interesting innovations" of which still none ever surpass the original. And in 1984, a game was, if not an absolute novelty, then at least a minimum of a "trendsetter". And it is - just her role in history to be an absolute benchmark in its "niche", so to compare with all the other similar games. graphics here, in my view, simply charming. It is partly arbitrary, but any improvement in it (and there were a lot of attempts) any oldgeymerom certainly be seen as a terrible desecration. Yes, perspective view (top view, remember) - not the most comfortable, and sometimes very difficult to understand, above or below your enemy helicopter, but all these arguments - the "high" (in quotes!) Of today and in the years of a similar no one even thought about it. Outcome will be no - it is not needed here more than plot. River Raid is impossible to describe, it can only see and feel all that deep "natural charm" of this ancient game. The answer to the question, what did she put ten points, the data will not be, but this question will arise if, after five minutes of the game is to evaporate into the air itself.
