Sapiens is an adventure/arcade game that brings you back 100,000 years ago for discovering the everyday life of the Homo Sapiens Neandertalensis.You play as a young hunter from the Light-Foot tribe, and as such you"ll have to explore your territory, keep up friendly contacts with the other tribes, trade objects, make assegai heads and fight for your life. One key to survival is to know your environment: learning the location of the springs, the hunting territories full of rabbits, the gloomy plains where wolves are on the prowl and the other tribe"s camps is paramount.

Simulator primitive life - if somewhat arcade, but surprisingly extensive and beautiful for its time, one of those games that have remained forever unsurpassed repetition. action takes place over a hundred thousand years before Christ. Your character - a young Neanderthal hunter (not Cro-Magnon!) Footed tribe who has to survive in this terrible and so dangerous for unprotected caveman world. With this game you can do? If not all, then at least very, very much of what is really faced with the primitive people of that time to hunt the animals, collect the fruits of plants, fish, learn crafts, explore the area, to enter into any relationship with other people (you can fight, you can trade - please), or to search for or to do, and then use the weapons (spear), often - to protect their lives in mortal combat, or to long-long journey, and also - and this is important - study nature and observe it. Some points worth special touch. The game has enough opportunities to interact with the world: we can look around, take something from other people or give them, we can finally talk to them, and how to engage in a more or less standard conversation as in standard situations, and by the start "intelligent" conversations in which we ourselves can form sentences from a very extensive list of words. Incidentally, among these words, there are abusive - perhaps it was one of the first games where the opportunity to show himself hostile to the NPC. Your hero has characteristics and needs - almost like a role-playing game. Features include health, agility and charisma needs - the most common needs of any man: food, water and sleep. Stamina decent character, but remember that if you do decide to go on a long journey, you"ll have to make to find food, water and a place to sleep, or - death. nature of the game is paid a lot of attention. One of your own, so to speak, "tasks" - a comprehensive study of the world. Therefore you for various purposes need to know where they live or that the animals, where the parking lot of the neighboring tribes, and so on. But the most surprising - the game is almost no plot (or rather, there is, but it is so ghostly and strange at first that he was just do not notice), and we were actually given absolute freedom: you can do what you want, go where you want. Needless to say about the graphics? Yes, in the DOS-version it is clearly worse than in other platforms of the time, but if someone does not like it - you can always download the Windows-remake, where all will be drawn just wonderful. The graphics in this game are not the main thing, the main thing - the amazing and really feel the atmosphere of ancient times of human history, that is in the game. And, perhaps, even in the original DOS-versions are very beautiful places - because we have to travel for very different in nature areas, a lot of meetings with different creatures (some of which are drawn very clearly.) Verdict - almost a masterpiece. A truly extraordinary, is not very difficult, but extremely addictive and never get tired of the game, to pass that will certainly be interesting to many today. And that"s why it gets its deserved ten points - it"s still a wholly classic in all respects.
