Scenario is a turn-based strategy game, where your goal is to conquer the whole Europe. The game takes place on a map of Europe divided into a number of provinces. There are 4 players, each of which can be human or computer-controlled, and each player starts with 1 province and a small army in it. The rest of the provinces are independent countries, just waiting to be conquered...

Armies consist of tanks, airplanes and ships. Each turn, you can freely move your forces between your provinces or attack neighbouring provinces (though each tank, plane and ship can be moved only once per turn.) Note that a ship automatically takes a number of tanks and airplanes when you move it. When you attack a province, whether it"s controlled by another player or neutral, you can see how the battle goes. Of course, if you emerge victorious by destroying the opposing army, you take over the country. If there"s no army in that country, you take it without combat at all. 

Producing new armies costs money. You get money from taxes paid by your citizens, but to get cash, you can invest into mining for raw materials (coal, iron or copper); their prices change each turn, but you can usually get a lot of profits - but raw materials eventually run out, and if you invest into a depleted resource, you"ll just waste your money (though you can pay 250,000 money to make an analysis and see how much resources you have left in a province). Another way to earn money is to send your ships to overseas colonies to get money from them. 

To build new armies, you first have to build factories in your provinces (a factory costs 200,000); each factory produces a specific type of military units, and has a limit as to how many units it can make per turn. You can also build fortifications to make your army a bit stronger when defending the province. Also note that if you have a lot of money, you can simply pay a lot of cash to revolutionaries in an enemy province - they"ll revolt against their government and the country will become a part of your empire. 

Each turn, there are a few random events, such as worker strikes (cannot dig for raw materials) or discovery of a gold mine (cash bonus). You are sometimes given an opportunity to destroy a factory in an enemy province; if you do this, you take part in a short arcade sequence where you have to quickly aim and shoot five guards in the head before the time runs out - and you have a limited number of bullets.
