"SDI (Strategic Defense Initiative) is a very controversial and difficult subject to discuss. Especially since everyone, including myself, likes to believe that the Soviet Union is truly changing. However, the changes are taking place slowly, and there is still a lack of trust on both sides. Too many people still remember the cold war. So there is, unfortunately, still tension between the US and the USSR.

At first, a computer controlled defense system that would provide an impenetrable shield against nuclear missiles seemed like wonderful idea, an idea that could actually make nuclear weapons obsolete. However, when people began to think about the technology that ""Star Wars"" would require, many became skeptical. Scientists, programmers, and engineers began to figure out what would be necessary for such a system, and soon came to the conclusion that we don"t yet have the technology necessary to make SDI one hundred percent effective. Obviously, a defense against nuclear missiles is worthless unless it is completely effective, because if only one missile were to get through, there could be millions of people killed.

The Russians began to protest the development of SDI because, while it may not be a good defense, it would surely strengthen the United States offensively. The Soviets are opposed to SDI for several reasons, one of them being that SDI would remove their first strike capability. If they launched their missiles first, and we had the ability to shoot most of them down before they hit American missile bases, the Soviets would be at our mercy. Since a few missiles would probably have gotten through, a US retaliation might seem justified, and the US could simply blow them away.

Some people think that SDI is worthless because the Soviets are working on an SDI-like system of their own. True, if both sides build SDI, SDI"s usefulness is doubtful. However, if the Soviets build a space based defense system, and we don"t, I think we would be in serious trouble. So personally, I think we have no choice but to develop an SDI system, even though it may not be 100% efficient. If you want to find out more about the subject, go to your library and read back issues of TIME, US News and World Report, and The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, and other magazines. No two articles will agree in every point, so you"ll have to decide for yourself what your position on this controversial subject will be.

I am aware that the SDI system will require many satellites, but it was easier to program with just one. Protect the satellite from anti-SDI missiles that will attempt to rise above the satellite and destroy it from behind."
