Tell me, how often do you have to relax at the computer, playing a game? It was a really relaxing, relax, do not think about that now you have someone to attack and kill, that something bad will happen that requires immediate your participation? Hardly. Because virtually all of the games, even if it is a quest, still require more or less of the active participation of the user, not always, but at certain moments - for sure. It appears, however, that there is still a game that can be played in a really completely shut down and go into your thoughts. The name of this game is a dream - Space Plumber . Type in the game in the first person in the 2,5 D. The action takes place, apparently, in a waterlogged Space Station (probably - to understand exactly what kind of object that does not work). Our goal at every level - to wander through it, finding and turning some pumps and valves to prevent the complete flooding (on some levels do not have water, at some - already on belt). Before the beginning of each level, we are told how many pumps and valves have much at this level, it is necessary for a limited time to find them all. I must say that should not be afraid - the time limit by more than a gentle and pretty much any formal atmosphere is extremely monotonous, miss valves and pumps almost impossible. The only "problem" - is that in the later levels, some of them may be under water. The only description of the character (if you can call it) - the supply of oxygen, as soon as we go into the water, it starts to decline, with a very high speed, and as soon emerges - with the same speed (but not instant) is restored. And on this - all. In the gameplay is no longer any sort of detail. Yes, apparently the game can remind someone 3D Action, but no enemies here. Just walk on the dark dark corridors in search of pumps and valves. Does this mean that the game has no atmosphere? On the contrary! It is here, and one that is not in the other games. Atmosphere Space Plumber consists of many components. First, the schedule. Yes, even at the time of the game it might seem to some bad, but here comes more than. All around the dark, "gray" and monotonous, but for the most part drawn, not so bad. Secondly - the sounds. Sound design for the game is very similar to, for example, Hexen II and Genocide . Water dripping somewhere in a dark corner, a short blast of wind and other seemingly minor details, coupled with the gloomy picture or create an incomparable atmosphere of gloom and decay, and when he comes to understand that the game itself is actually completely meaningless, the becomes very sad. Yet all of the above does not mean that this game is bad. Simply Space Plumber - very specific thing, really special, "not for everyone", if you will. This is sort of a rare example of decadence from computer games. Play it is only in the special mood - for example, if you are not happy with anything, if the soul is bad and bitter, but i do not want to cheer themselves, but rather to delve into their grief, just think about life. After all, this is the same way that a person just wants to "go" and be at one with itself and the City Council? In this case, this game - just a great way of pastime: can quite fearlessly and peacefully roam through the dark and empty corridors, surrendering painful reflection, in the end to find a solution to all their problems ... I, for example, helps. She laid out for two reasons: first, the incomprehensible level rarity, second - really one of a kind similar game. Game server will StormSpirit86 , for which many thanks to him. El Juego HA regalado StormSpirit86 . Muchas gracias!
