Space Spirals is a mouse controlled shooting game, with some similarities to Missile Command.

The object of the game is to defend your space station from attacking aliens. The space station is at the center of the screen and you using the mouse to move a torpedo cursor around the screen. Press the mouse button and the station will fire a torpedo to that location where it will explode and take out any surrounding enemies. However, the torpedoes have to travel a bit before they get to their destination so the player has to take this into account when aiming at the moving enemies.

In each level a refueling ship flies toward the space station and the player has protect it from incoming enemies. Once at the center the ship docks with the space station and the player is rewarded with extra fuel. The levels have increasingly difficult enemy waves. The first 10 levels introduce all the enemy types and after that each level has combinations of enemies.

The little-known "arcade" strategy, which is, in fact, a variation on the immortal, but, unfortunately, in its original form and is not published on the PC never Missile Command ; while there are interesting features. in Space Spirals we manage some space station to be on its own (that is, by the station) to defend against attacks of hostile aliens. The station is presented in the form of an unusual character in the center of the screen, surrounded by a spiral (hence the name of the game). The power is in the game by mouse: you need to move the cursor on the screen and click them in the areas where there are images of enemy missiles (let"s call them so) - then the station will issue in this area of its own rocket, which is a one hit kill without fail either or several enemies. Aim is not particularly necessary, but we must consider that a rocket will take some amount of time to reach the target (that is, do not let the enemy fly to the station too close). As soon as a certain number of enemies killed, the player to the next level, and each level is more complex than the previous one. At each level, there is a time when the station is flying the spaceship tanker that takes fuel (fuel level at the station, keep it in space is great, but limited). After docking with the station and refuel before the end of the level you can live. However, the tanker after it came to be, as the station is attacked by enemies, and you have to defend in the first place is it because he is not capable of this. On each of the first levels of the game we oppose any one type of enemies (each time - different), but from the eleventh level on each of them will meet the combination of different types. Graphics in Space Spirals quite minimalist, but it is possible to distinguish one from the other enemies, ship tanker and does draw the beautiful, even some of the details of the environment is (distant stars). So, taking into account the origin of the game (apparently, it is a shareware, has never been published in a "complete" form) - pretty good, but the overall "temnost" and the absence of effects may well be explained locale (space). All in all - a very interesting and at the same time is a rare thing, it is suitable for a fun filled evening of free hours.
