Another French vnezhanrovaya game that combines strategy and adventure. If you played the masterpiece called Kristor and his story seemed too complicated to you - that in StarVega play better not to start at all. Because, as you know, the French designers for their (ie unreleased games elsewhere) usually come up with these stories that can only grab the head and then shrug. very brief and not (to put it mildly) for sure: action takes place in the year 5945, your character - a young captain of the spacecraft and the leader of a team of adventurers, vodivshy friendship with Dark Davor"om (well, the name!), which was (you doubt it?) unmitigated scoundrel. What harm has he done? A lot - namely, imprisoned on a distant planet all friends of the hero, including his bride, and just gave them a friendship with him! Moreover - and even sent a cyborg assassin on the hunt for him. But this is not all: the corporation is Modor Ko gave the job to our hero kill the villain in a period of six months, otherwise there will be something quite terrible ... It"s still not all, but try to understand all this later is hardly the most important thing - that at the very beginning of the game, we have a new team and the goal: to find all my old friends and the bride and catch the villain. What can I do StarVega ? In fact - everything is a dream, all of which could be to the life of the space adventurer distant future. Here there is a place strategy, simulator, and role-playing, and adventure. You can and should control the take-off and landing (and flight) of your ship in space. We can and must explore the planet, but for this, and even to the safety needs money (for fuel in the game - a valuable and important resource.) And for the hyperspace jump to a particular fuel in large quantities. And the heroes have to constantly eat, so the food will also have to buy. If you want to trade, explore alien soil for valuable resources, visit the space bar and recruit mercenaries there - then this game is perfect to you: it has it all! If you are attracted arcade space battles - and then it will be here! And not only with various regular troops, but also with the pirates who want to rob you. Also, you can easily ruin relationships with some of the world, and then your ship before landing on the planet will start firing. By the way, the battle does not call too simple: you do inside the ship, so that we will have to monitor the situation of the power of guns and enemies on the radar ... Navigation, dialogues, additional quests (mostly to make money) - all that this game has just name it. The game has a decent amount of text and text-only screen, so the knowledge of the French language game requires mandatory (on the other hand - dictionaries has not been canceled). But the graphics in the game, too, abound, in fact - some screens (such as close-ups of individual sectors of the planets) are simply luxurious even today, there is a beautiful drawing. What can be summed up? Apparently, the developers creating StarVega swung immediately to the two results: first, to create its "mythology of the future", which is too obviously inspired by the worlds of Star Wars and Star Trek , and secondly - to create a sort of "dream game" in which there would be room for all or almost all of the existing genres of computer games. How successful has turned this "mix" - let the judge players. Of course, to argue about the merits of the game can be very, very long time, but most importantly - a game, no matter how improbable it may seem, there is.
