Americans start another day shuddering in horror and gritting their teeth in frustration.  The morning newspaper reports yet another hideously obscene act of violence against innocent citizens. It is the diabolical work of the world"s most infamous villian, Nick Macki.  

Inconceivable as it may seem, this subversive monster was actually  trained by American Intelligence and Drug Enforcement agents who were under intense pressure by an American President desparate to win some battles in the War on Drugs.  In Operation "Fight Fire with Fire" Macki was supposed to destabilize the Latin American, African, and Asian drug cartels by assassinating drug lords, sabotaging drug labs, and destroying drug shipments.
               
For three years, this loathsome, yet darkly charismatic viper  recruited war criminals, enlisted underworld executioners, and seduced outright psychopaths, to form a death squad of unparalleled  destructive capacity.  And then the slaughter started.  

Macki carried out his missions with a blood lust that shocked even the most veteran American Black Ops. Not only did Macki destroy drug labs,  he incinerated nearby villages and their inhabitants. Whole passenger airliners were shot from the sky with shoulder-fired surface to air missiles if there was cocaine hidden aboard. When the mutilated bodies of drug king pins and corrupt foreign officials started arriving in crates at the White House delivery dock, it was time to pull the plug on Macki.  

A surgical airstrike on Macki"s desert commando training camp was intended to bring the carnage to an end, but when Special Forces Green Berets combed the crater, no trace of Macki was to be found among the charred ruins.  Instantly recognizing the botched attack as a betrayal, Macki now seeks vengence for the double-cross by masterminding a twisted scheme to bring his one-time sponsors to their knees with a concerted effort to wreak chaos on America"s sacred institutions with the ultimate goal of panicking and demoralizing every man, woman, and child in America.
