An unknown, not marked in any global database of games and generally discovered by chance by the Spanish game developers (in Spanish), which is rumored to be a supplement to some magazine. In style and spirit it is, without a doubt, belongs to the games, created due to abuse of some substance. Judge. Appearance in the game in the third person behind (for the most part, so to speak), the main character - a spherical creature resembling a bun on small legs. Before the start of the game, by the way, you can choose a protagonist of several different colors (blue, purple, and so on) and a little bit - the form, but this is unlikely to affect anything. The purpose of this creature is absolutely senseless and cruel destruction truly their own kind, and the action takes place on the huge (!) Spaces of industrial-post-apocalyptic world, at breakneck speed, at a very appropriate here gloomy heavy music, in a very, very high complexity. Most of our opponents - do the same as our hero, balls, but almost always smaller size. Some of them are the same color as he is, some of the - of the other. Balls are aggressive - they actively shooting at us with something (and the first attack), and the death of a "blast", scattering around many drops a poisonous substance, which takes away from the character almost more life than their normal attack. By the way, if one compares with the more modern games, our opponents are very similar - and appearance, and behavior, and the characteristics of death - Marsh hoppers of Serious Sam . himself on the gameplay itself is not much different from the platform action"ov - Races and kill the enemies, collecting bonuses, except that the space levels are unusually high for this game. Although in reality, this size is, of course, is largely an illusion, because the further plan kiberpankovyh technotronic cities are drawn in advance. However, the space will still be here, and not the smallest. Of course, there are also bonuses of interesting stuff - I like the jump accelerator, which temporarily gives the hero to jump great distances in length, and that"s it and then you can make a real race of dashing around the huge levels and estimate its size. Another interesting opportunity - to find a "military installation". Then the game switches to a first person, and you can aim at being at a great distance from you koloboks congestion and destroy them something of nuclei. Reserve life of the bun and is displayed in the form of a strip, but somehow he always (even at the start of the game) just criminally small. Therefore, it should be noted the complexity of the game - a huge, huge challenge. It is, as has been said, there is a furious pace, and not because of any technical problems, namely because it is intended. The slightest delay could cost lives here, you can not relax for a second. But what is called the word "drive", here is through the roof. graphics in the game in general is below average, although 3D-elements: well drawn except backgrounds, being well represented in the form of small and blurry sprites, but also to play it not interfere. And first of all, because Tekos has a truly stunning and amazing atmosphere: it is not only appropriate music and different kinds of dark, but not with the incomparable sounds that emit hero and his enemies, and that sometimes even resemble any meaningful speech, even more like a grunt of some small creatures. verdict - not a perfect score, but, nevertheless, very, very cool. Tekos - is the essence of real, pure madness, when absurdity and futility of going reach the point that approach to art. And impression reinforced by the fact that the game into something completely unknown and hidden - because finding this game can be considered a miracle. But, of course, is not only real decoration collection of our site and gem for the collection of any oldgeymera, but also a great gift to all lovers of a good stretch your fingers in your spare time and enjoy the atmosphere of mindless fun, not thinking about what"s going on here and why. Answer this question Tekos you really will not, but after a few minutes of the game such a question will disappear by itself. It"s just Tekos . No more, and no little of no less.
