If you try to somehow categorize the game, which now will be discussed, the Terran Envoy , perhaps, be called just one phrase - "Finding the artifact." And it is not only that it is probably the most rare of all the games that ever were laid on our site. And not only that the world chose to completely forget about its existence almost immediately after the release, the benefit that all of this was due to: a meager circulation and only within Green continent, only a few book reviews in magazines and lack of advertising - in the case, where did the former developers of programs for "boring" business, decided suddenly, for no reason at all to get their testimony to the potential audience, a deep knowledge of the intricacies of marketing? It is also the fact that Terran Envoy - a game out of the genre. Kinda weird philosophical parable, told in the language of zeros and ones. Mystical and mysterious. Without an answer to the main question of the universe. But with meaning. Mir shown in Terran Envoy , - a world far in the future, but that, as he is not portrayed any fiction. There are no wars, no detailed description of the past history, high technology and the relationship between extraterrestrial civilizations. There is only the realization of humanity underdeveloped compared to other intelligent species and the struggle between the two higher powers (note that God, the Devil and the other options we have not mentioned here) for his future. Ubermensh that too Untermensch tune, but that no one knows anything, but feel its universal wisdom, wants to help humanity become capable of telepathy - that the only thing that the other races are superior people on earth and the absence of which makes people in their eyes inferior. If this happens - that humanity can join the giant "commonwealth" of thousands of civilizations of the universe, getting access to higher knowledge. However there is also the opposite of the beginning - even more mysterious usurper, which also no one knows anything, but that makes every effort to ensure that the acquisition of the ability of humanity to telepathy happened. Whom is to play someone who will go to the world of Terran Envoy , - to be honest, until the end and did not understand. Messenger it Ubermensha or just free adventurer, but the purpose of it is quite specific: he believes that the throne - it is quite some material, though very powerful, a creature that does evil is in the universe. The laws of logic clearly state that if this theory is correct, this creature is subject to the discovery and subsequent destruction, then barriers to entry in the interplanetary continuum of mankind is eliminated. With that thought, the nameless hero goes on a small spaceship and begins his journey in search of abstract Evil ... Genre Terran Envoy determine unequivocally quite impossible. This is not an RPG, not a strategy, not a simulator or even adventure, although it is closer to the last of all - it"s a kind of a very strange combination of elements of different genres, a kind of "free adventure," where are not clear or the ultimate goal, not the means to achievement. However, to describe briefly what is to be done and how, still possible. Therefore converts a moment with our inner wisdom sozertsatelstva the harsh pragmatism tempered in battle with all sorts of non-trivial masterpieces igrostroya oldgeymera, brutal, but also in its own wisdom, and continue the story in a completely different style. extremely brief nature of the game is this: we need to find some poor creature and kill it, but the problem is that we do not know where this creature lives, looks and so on. Externally, the game is a display card is not the universe, not the galaxy, which is divided into the system. We click on a particular system - the image is changing, for inspection, we are available to her planet. The game has several systems, each system - multiple planets, that is, all of the planets is not that much (unfortunately, the duration of the game can not be considered a really high), but still more than enough (and therefore, although not exclusively so, game process will take any great few hours). Each planet can and must visit - visiting implemented extremely abstract, in the same simple click. Planets are of three types: empty, with crystals or with extraterrestrial beings, see the status of the planet would be easy to on deserted planets do nothing. On the inhabited planets have aliens, which is a theoretical possibility of communication (most likely, the problem of "alien language" in the period under review has been somehow solved). That is the opportunity we have to use in order to gather the necessary facts to detect individual usurper. No one knows (and this is indeed the case), who he is, but many aliens know anything about him (we do not know). Or something about those who might know something. But it may also be important. The problem, though, is that just because one does not tell us anything. This brings us to the next point - namely, to the above crystals, which are in some planets. These crystals, there are five types, they can and should be collected (after the withdrawal of its status as a planet is changed to empty). The main purpose of crystals - to serve as a "currency" (and maybe even a bribe) to talk to a stranger: give him a crystal - and he"ll tell you something, maybe. Maybe because not all crystals are equally useful. Types of aliens in the game enough, and the reaction to the crystals at everyone. For any alien three types of crystals of five disgusting and even dangerous if you offer him a crystal - it just will not say anything. The fourth type of no danger, but also great value - the same information you can get for it, but - a little bit. But the fifth type of quite alien love for him, he will tell you many things. The only problem is that everyone has their preference alien, the crystal, which is a love, hate others, and to understand what to whom to give, except that you can experience. Even the right choice is not a guarantee of success. Each of the aliens have two indicators: the level of his honesty and friendliness. In practice this means that, even after receiving the promised reward not everyone will tell you the truth, anyone can deliberately lie ... Perhaps the description should immediately reveal the main secret of the plot (the benefit that it applies to the "open secret", why - explain later): Usurper - is one of the most alien, that is, with him, you too will be able to communicate. And sooner or later, on balance received from different aliens facts you"ll need to define it and decide - to destroy. In this case, the destruction of quite a implemented as a game time, and here again play the role of those same crystals. your ship has a terrible weapon called Ray Justice. This beam, sending it to the home planet of the Usurper, and you must kill him. Beam works on those same crystals that you find especially so they do not throw away - they need not only to get information. To destroy the usurper, you have to "charge" the car with the line of the three types of crystals that are dangerous for him (after having realized this from the previous conversation with him). If you type in at least one - the game is lost. If you do not make a mistake with the crystals, but wrong with the choice of the Usurper, taking him wrong - then the game is over, too. Generally, after the game ends of the beam are always either winning or losing. But the interesting thing is not even the fact that the pass game is really hard, and to think outside the box and have pretty. The most interesting thing is that, start the game next time, win or lose, the usurper will be a completely different (!) Alien. And dialogue with the aliens will be others. That is, in fact, the replay value is huge. On the other - a guide to achieve victory for this game to write, perhaps, impossible. It can be very easy once and incredibly complex to another. As lucky. Pro \u200b\u200binterface briefly mentioned above, and I have to admit that in terms of graphics the game is not very rich: some dark windows, in the largest of which - the map of the stars, in others - various options. It is true that everything changes when you meet a stranger - then the largest of the windows will be a masterpiece of computer painting depicting an entirely non-human creation in all its details, and the bright, colorful and clear. So if you love the graphics of old games, it is there. Terran Envoy can be guaranteed to be recommended only one category of users: collectors of rarities. Will they play it or not - is another matter, but more rare game at the moment, it may not be found. But as the object of computer entertainment - here with all of the recommendations have already become much more complicated. Least because there is no "fun" in this game is not in principle. It"s very serious and very difficult. It really is a game of the genre, not to repeat the kind of never simulator secret agent distant future, made \u200b\u200bvery close to reality, if this was a fictional reality, where one of the keys to victory is to understand the logic of beings from another world. Force yourself to think as they think. Know when they are lying, and when not. Perhaps you need to be a genius. Perhaps - just a real person, instead of telepathy which is something else that will help him win. The sad fate of Terran Envoy said that, most likely, "tune in" to it could in time a few. But you try to do it now is not obstructed. And if we can win - what would be proud of the fact that you were able to master the most rare and perhaps the most unique computer game in history? That chance is not every day. And the chance of not refuse.
