SONGS ARE STILL sung regarding thy great victory over the evil wizard. Never since the time of Rancit had Syree seen such a terrible threat. But thou dost shy away from such accolade. Thou dost instead return to thy humble village, cast aside thy battle gear, and take up once again the simple, quite life of a humble farmer, content with the knowledge that the Great Evil had been done away with, not concerned with who did the doing-away.

Time passes and thy mind doth find the peace that thou hast been seeking, refreshing thy soul and spirit. But one day, a very frightening rumour doth come to thy village, borne on the lips of someone from Barren Sheol. It seems that the Keeper of the Power hath died, and a race was on to find the new Keeper.

Thy blood doth turn cold. Thou dost remember from thy teachings that all the mystic power is held by a single person called the Keeper. If this person be Good, then all have access to this power. But if this person be Evil, then the Dark Forces would reign supreme.

When a Keeper dies, the Power is immediately transferred to a newborn child who will grow up to be the new Keeper. It is imparitive that this child be found by the forces of Good so that he or she may be raised in the virtues of Truth and Justice. But Evil is also looking for this child, and whoever finds him first will seal the Fate of Good and Evil for the life of the Keeper.

Horrible memories flood thy mind. Thou hast heard stories about the last time the Keeper fell into the clutches of the Dark Forces. Humanity barely survived. But thou dost know thy duty. Thou art still the Lord Champion, sworn to protect and defend the realm.

Thou dost arise from thy bed and light a fire, but its warmth scarcely penetrates thee. Thy destiny is again decided. Thou dost dawn thy armour and sheath thy weapon. Meager they art, for thou hast sold thy weapons of war long ago in the hopes of never needing them again, but thou art filled with fortitude. Truth shall be thy weapon and Righteousness thy armour. Thou art ready for whatever may come Once upon a time Long, long ago
