Polarware"s short-lived Spy"s Adventure series of educational games are pioneers of an original concept that would be popularized by Carmen Sandiego.In one of the more interesting anecdotes of gaming history, Broderbund released the first Carmen Sandiego game a scant two months before this title (Mark Peclszcerski, designed and founder of Polarware, certainly didn"t think it was mere coincidence -- read his thought-provoking article at Magic Tree site below). 

Whether or not Broderbund "borrowed" Polarware"s concept for their blockbuster series, there"s no mistaking the game"s similarities with Carmen Sandiego. You are cast as a spy who is pursuing the evil Dr. X around the continent. As you arrived in a new country, you can buy or obtain clues to the location of the villian, and browse the dossier about that country. If you paid attention to the dossiers, the clues would direct you to the appropriate destinations and ultimately Dr. X"s hideout. Despite inferior graphics, the game has one advantage over Carmen Sandiego: there are 2 excellent multiplayer modes in which up to 6 players can co-operate together, or compete against each other in their pursuit of Dr. X. Add to that the well-written dossiers, interesting clues, and some strategic elements (for example, you have limited cash with which to buy clues), and Spy"s Adventure games are excellent edutainment titles that are highly recommended for kids and adults alike. Thumbs up!

Dr. Xavier Tortion (aka Dr. X), jewel thief and smuggler extraordinaire, is on the loose; intelligence reports he is somewhere in North America along with numerous jewels he"s stolen. Your job will be to find the jewels and locate Dr. X! 

Adventures in North America is an educational adventure game which is similar to the Carmen Sandiego series of games. In the game you will need to travel to various North American locations to search for clues; some clues have been left behind by friendly agents and indicate where jewels are located. Sometimes you will come across an informant; if bribed with money or jewels, you will receive a clue as to Dr. X"s where about. When you think you have enough clues, you can guess where Dr. X is hiding; you only get three guesses though, so if you keep guessing wrong the game will end. If you are successful in your mission, you are given an efficiency rating; the fewer turns you can locate Dr. X in and the more jewels recovered, the better your score will be.
