WELCOME, TRAVELER, TO Syree! "Tis a kingdom full of courage, of chivalry, and of honor!

Ah, but "tis also one full of history. The peaceful kingdom which thou dost see before thee wast not always this way. The fields are stained with the blood of valiant men and women who gave their lives to purge the land of tyrants, evil souls, and wicked sins.

Syree, like its sister kingdoms which also inhabit the land of Sheol Garrett and Zoar is a magnet for those who wouldst crave unrighteous power. It wasn"t until King Emara took the throne that the land finally knew a lasting peace, freed from the petty wars of neighboring kingdoms which sought to expand their domain.

Over time, conflicts didst come again to Syree, but the kingdom stood tall and proud, unconquerable by the minions of evil. One day, though, a terrible war raged across the land. The people rallied behind their banner, ready again to defend king and country. The battles were fierce, and many fell. The dark prince was strong. Stronger than any foe who had come before him. Then suddenly, the unthinkable happened . . . Syree fell.

Rancit now sat upon the throne as king. Strong wast his hand, and evil. He ruled with a hammer and vice, and the people groaned under him. Hope, though, never waned. For prophecy foretold that the line of Emara did not die in that fateful day, but lived on! And that if the true and rightful king could be found, he wouldst dispatch the evil tyrant who stole the kingdom and oppressed the land.

Quietly, the search began. Ever careful were the people, for Rancit had ears everywhere. Long was the quest, and treacherous indeed. But the king wast eventually found. And he, who wast but a child himself, dispatched Rancit with a thrust of the tyrant"s own sword.

Telbor now sat on the throne of his forefathers. Relieved from the oppression of the wicked king, the land again blossomed under righteous rule. But evil continues to live on in the world we occupy. Twice now, since Telbor assumed the throne, hast dark forces attempted to come to Syree.

The first such manifestation wast of an Evil Wizard who assumed control of the kingdom of Garrett. The tale of his rise to power and his eventual destruction is chronicled in The Kingdom of Syree I.

Not long after the Evil Wizard"s defeat did a new threat come to the land. This time, the Keeper of the Power did die, and it was up to the forces of Good to find the new Keeper before Evil could. The heroic struggle of the people, and Telbor"s Lord Champion who eventually found the child, is told in The Kingdom of Syree II: Black Magic.

Today, the new Keeper is established, and all is peaceful. Syree continues to be ruled by the good King Telbor, whilst Zoar enjoys the guiding hand of Ashad and his queen Mirlan. The once proud kingdom of Garrett, sadly, is still without a king and continues to suffer. Perhaps one day someone shalt rise up to claim the throne of Dakar. Until then, Garrett remains uneasy, caught in the middle of a fractional war between three lords who claim right of ascension.

For now, though, countryside travel is safe. Enjoy thy visit to the land of Sheol and the kingdom of Syree. Adventure doth await!
