On their way to help in the battle against Sargon, a crew of adventurers each skilled in their own way encounter a storm that rips a hole in their ship. Safely reaching Lamini, or Land of Towers, the friendly people of the land help repair the damaged ship. As the crew members are looking for a job, they meet the Mayor of the town who is in need of messengers. He tells the adventurers that Lord Baniff has not been heard from in weeks, and that he needs them to seek him out in his Tower and bring word of his condition. Entering the doorway into the Tower, the entrance collapses behind them and they must find their way out.

The gameplay is similar to other first-person realtime D&D games like the Eye of the Beholder series, though not as complex. There are four characters in the game and you choose one to control. Spell incantations are learned from scrolls and are cast by combining the correct syllables. There are 15 levels to explore and tons of monsters and items to find. You can play the game in cooperative mode with another player using a link cable.

Extremely obscure RPG, the original version of which came out only a formal platform for Atari ST (but, as we see, in fact, this is not the case.) The plot is there, but has little to do with what is happening. The action takes place in a fantasy world where a group of adventurers fight against villain Sargon. For some reason, once they get on the ship that enters the storm, resulting in a shipwreck on a friendly shore. While good local people repairing the ship, the characters are looking for a job - and find it: Mayor tells them that from Lord Beniffa who lives in a tower in the country, has long been no news, and asks them to check what happened. As soon as the characters come to the tower - is crumbling ceiling above the entrance, and they are immured in it. Now their task - not only to learn the secret of the tower, but to find way out of it. lot consists of four characters, which you can switch between (at one time, you can control only one someone) movement and battles take place in real time. The combat system is based on a combination of spells, which are read by the use of certain scrolls. By itself, the gameplay - it"s fifteen levels in said tower with a first-person, picking up a variety of useful items and the destruction of monsters. Graphically, the game does not cause any complaints - maybe themselves endless corridors and the same type, but still draw all pretty clear. There is, incidentally, the possibility of playing together (as a modem). The main value of the game to date, of course, it is very rare, but for fans like \u00abdungeon-crawl"ov" it (not least because of the circumstances) will certainly be of great interest.
