There is a great puzzle game that was invented in Asia in ancient times, and in Europe were only in the XIX century - the Tower of Hanoi. This is truly a great game that is possible - even the best in the world. And not just because the idea of it was one of the first moved into the world of zeros and ones, but also because, for the touch of this world at the time only needed the computer and nothing else. Yes, once really was a time . Class of computer science in the educational-industrial complex, where students obliged to master the framework for future occupations, quirky (in terms of modern humans, of course) with a hinged rectangular monitor shields (which some people loved to recline ...), huge black keyboard with buttons whose names do not always coincide with the familiar to us today, and the mysterious black screen, seemingly bottomless. But it did not scare black - on the contrary, she called and beckoned to him. After cost through your own fingers and then use that same great keyboard to type a couple of dozen lines of letters, numbers and symbols, which six months ago seemed meaningless gibberish to you, and then file a treasured team, as darkness gave way to a bright screen graphical feast. And if anyone did not care what color are just two - in fact, this picture was created by yourself! .. But for now - just a picture. And one could go on. Could sit down and characters for hours (be sure to smile deliberately throwing the shield!) To when they were rather small image seen on the screen is something very, very different ... The fact that not only looks beautiful, but also a beautifully moving, the that can absorb time wholly and solely, the fact that you have created yourself ... Many years have passed since then. We live in a new world and a new century, when even the game two years ago, looking almost like a movie, is considered obsolete. A lot of good has happened since then, and a lot of bad, the gaming industry has evolved into a vast and rapidly developing world, the diversity of which is able to capture the imagination. Old traditions even for many of those who remember the world of others, outlived her - long forgotten, apparently, and a computer named "BK-0010", and folding shields and black lines on a white screen trapezoidal with long hours of hard solutions to the complex puzzle ... But it is - seems. Because nothing will ever be able to compete with those whose simplicity bordering on genius. Hanoi Tower lives. Meaning it is what it is. There are three platforms and a number of rings, blocks or anything else like that, at least - three, but more - much more. All these pieces of different sizes and initially lie on one single platform at each other, at the bottom - the big top - the smallest. The player is required for a minimum number of moves to move to the other extreme platform all the figures in the exact same order, that is, to the largest on the bottom, and the smallest - at the top, while in the process of shifting them on the platforms should not be allowed to large in size the figure was less than the top. Perhaps the words to describe the Tower of Hanoi and easy, but that"s to solve this puzzle, but still fast, the strength is not for everyone. And let the world today and are written, it is said, advanced algorithms for almost instant solution to this problem, it is easier or low value of this is not, because the abundance of options for achieving the objectives and plenty of food for thought - are still in place. And when it"s all decorated so beautiful and interesting, as in the Towers of Kublai Khan , the game becomes all in indescribable pleasure for any fan of intelligent entertainment. Do not be confused motley pictures: Yes, there is a mean and rough charm of the white lines on a black screen, the monitor on, but the main thing is - Meaning and Memory. It is with a capital letter.
