Another little-known game from Taiwanese developer. Implementation of elements of RPG and, I may say, action, greatly burdened steps. 1996 turned out to very little, and that led to a rather low popularity of the game even Asian gaming audience ... The plot ... The Earth was in 2023. Dawn ... Emergency televypusk on channel TNN News: \u00abTonight coalition NCU treacherously attacked our country. Losses among the population already in the hundreds. " Aggressor attack represented a large group of combat troops controlled robots. Yes, yes, in those now quite near times people have decided to fight this way. Now you have to fight back the enemy. All hope of the country for you - to combat pilots ... The game interface is designed in the classic format of most simulations of those years (mid-1990). We go to the office, there is some IBM PC XT, wardrobe, desk. For all you can hover your mouse and see the expected results in the form of screen switching to a new point game menu (new room, board and so on). At the bottom, of course, a garage, where is our "materiel" - fighting robots. These robots can equip, buy more armor, in general, the classic RPG elements - "detected". There is also the opportunity to paint his steel "friend", replace arm, leg, trunk, and other parts of the "body." Well weapons before the mission you can choose in accordance with the received intelligence ... In general, the simulator is a little too "detected". Following the pilot can select equipment for the robot. Of course, for you to choose from considerations of political correctness are: a person with a European appearance, and attractive African American woman pilot. The battles take place on the ground in an isometric 3D-projection. Action but, unfortunately, no. "Battles" occur in steps. You can move a few steps from the map. Opponents also have the opportunity. Then, once you "stumbled" to the enemy, you will find that they are 5-7 times more. Next move, you start to exchange blows (eg, missiles), and again with horror realize that opponents will surround you, are responsible for the occurrence of quite symmetrical sequence of their actions. Well, in this play? Simply probably get dusted with chess board - will be useful ... From weapons at your combat vehicles have and missiles and machine guns. Yes, and as long as you make your next move, you will be given "fun" for a long time to contemplate all the moves dozen opponents on the map. Action game it"s even a stretch to call it is simply impossible ... Low graphics 320x200 looks pretty good and sophisticated. This is the only positive point of this game. Although the idea of step fur-action and in isometric 3D-projection - is at least original. The game interface is made \u200b\u200bin traditional Chinese language, and this is another reason entirely discouraged to start playing. In principle, the language component still dominates slightly in understanding gambling laws, so to get familiar with this kind of genre of computer games, I still recommend this game to a trial passage brave brave people do not stop at any of the thorny path of studying the diversity of old computer games.
