Vision: The 5th Dimension Utopia is an advertising game for the German building society LBS, who sold it rather cheaply in its branches. The setting is an archaeology floating on the sea. You are a new citizen in this city and you"ve got to work in order to make money for food and the rent of your suite while staying healthy through sleeping and eating enough. The common way to earn money is playing mostly action-oriented mini-games or doing smaller quest (or rather tasks), which also are part of the plot of the game.

Welcome to the Tower Rokfello - the place embodies human dream of an ideal society, prosperity and progress! At your disposal - the latest technology, experienced staff and aid of artificial intelligence. Here you can always find decent work and living conditions will satisfy the most daring request. Automation will ensure that you always stay healthy and stay in great shape, and natural foods will give you long life and good cheer. Tower Rokfello - fully self-contained complex, and you"re doing its existence possible. If you missed the intelligent, industrious and progressive society in a hurry to apply for citizenship! The number of free places are limited. Vision - this is quite a unique game with a unique right for many reasons. First, pay attention to its genre - a complete utopia, took the form of a quest. It is that the world to which a reasonable society seeks is not the first century. The closest literary analogue, which for some reason the first to come to mind - it is an individual from the novels of mutualism Harrison (forgive my readers are not the most famous example). Life in this society is entirely based on the integrity of its members, each citizen - equal rights and obligations, and the maintenance of good relations with its neighbors are not as important as a local bank account. Second, take a look at the developer with the eloquent title Ad Games. Yes, yes, Vision - this is a real Vaporware, custom-designed a very specific company. But despite this, the game is not only a complete and well-developed, but also can serve as a model of German quality. Just think about it in these numbers - more than three dozen floors, divided into blocks, each of which has a specific task. The population of the dozens and dozens of different people with their own personalities, concerns, actions and, most importantly, the dialogue. Yes, with each counter to talk to, and is almost always available to you two or three possible answers to the phrase uttered by the speaker. Interactive adventure in pure form, and, moreover, what! But let"s talk about the setting. Action Vision , as can be understood from the introduction, is set in a large complex called the automated Rokfello Tower. The tower is named after its founder, built it a long time ago in order to escape from the world and create their own unique society, the main ideals that would be mutual respect, self-reliance and concern for the environment. Mr. Rokfello did it, and now, many years later, our hero is on the threshold of the Tower, going to become its newest resident. Together with him you have to move up the career ladder, to make acquaintance with the neighbors, to help people deal with problems, to participate in the political life of this small but proud community ... As you can see, the utopia turned out not naive and every aspect of the existence and operation of the Tower paid much attention to what and you have to see for yourself. Type in the game in the first person, moving, as one would expect from the quest of the time - discrete. But navigating the huge tower that does not stop because the game has a multi-functional computer system that allows you to instantly find any you require the person to move to the desired floor or even make a video call, not to waste time searching for the interlocutor. That AI Tower, named Max, greets you when you start the game with a big smile on his face avatars. Incidentally, he also serves as copy protection - with every new launch Max will ask you questions about his personal life and habits of the inhabitants of the Tower. However, to respond to them is not difficult, because attempts to give a lot, and possible answers, only three. Once inside, we find ourselves in a vast hall, where there is a couple of engineers, who are happy to give us further guidance and advise on where to go in the first place . As befits a true citizen, you have to register, get a universal credit card (also serves as a license), provided to adapt to the room to find the right job ... In Vision you will find a full life, rich in events and lacking many of the shortcomings of real life. But dwell on the job. As you can guess, your main occupation will search for sources of income to pay for food and rent price room. The game has many ways to make money, and the longer you are in the tower, the more you have to try. Often, for example, we will ask for a favor neighbors - someone has to find a lost robot, someone asks to get word to my friends ... From time to time we are invited to play a mini-game, symbolizing the manual labor. For example, get a machine for the production of food and mixed in a blender, serving delicious seaweed, which are then manufactured a cook delicious algae burgers. Or go through a box of computer parts, separating the right from useless. These games take up very little time and still allow briefly escape from the series of dialogues. But, of course, your main occupation will just talk. The Administrator will send you to the head of a bank branch, that - in the complaint center, where there to help you get the order of dissatisfied customers on the floor below, along the way, request to look at an important meeting in the evening ... Game for a second does not leave you alone with the long corridors of the complex, and all the time somewhere forwards and strongly pushed forward. Due to this, and a feeling of permanent employment and a bustling, which, of course, goes Vision only benefit. time in the game also does not stand still, and every inhabitant of the Tower has its own schedule according to which he was sleeping, working and relaxing. Moreover, you can easily find on their way to hire people straight in the corridors and little to distract them with questions. This side of the game much like Sentient and creates a wonderful imitation of real life, the likes of which is hard to find. Moreover, the above mentioned, the relationship between you and your neighbors have a very real effect, and I want to emphasize this again - from your sociability and reactions in the dialogues is entirely dependent on how well you perceive the local old-timers. This, in turn, has a direct impact on careers. So do not shun new acquaintances. On the contrary - in a hurry to show friendliness. Overall, Vision is truly unique experiment, which has been asked to create a game where there would be no violence, brutality and bleakness, but would present an interesting work environment in an unusual setting and with a clear public message. Developers did it all two hundred percent, and I can only advise the game to anyone who is even slightly acquainted with the German language. Yes, unfortunately, English or Russian translation of Vision does not exist, but the language in the game is pretty easy, and get it right with the dictionary is easy. So hurry up to take his place in Paradise Tower Rokfello - and it is possible that because of this wonderful company you will be even better.
