Extremely rare game genre at the junction of indeterminate flight simulator and arcade. On the one hand - it does not simulator side view, management (formally!) and not very difficult (in terms of the number of keys used), the very plane (this plane) shows almost a caricature. On the other hand - it"s still not quite arcade, although, of course, is much closer to her. On the plot, we can only guess. Apparently, the action takes place during the First World War, and we"re playing for one of the aces of the RAF. And we have a mission, but we are here to fulfill them will not just so, and competing with the (!) With an opponent (ie, for some it is a war, but for someone - entertainment ...). Difficulties begin already at the start of . Early in the game before us airfield with several buildings: the barracks to do and confirm the pilot, at the headquarters - choose your opponent (funny stylized black-and-white photographs of portraits) and get a job on a mission (chosen, apparently at random : This could be a bombing target, patrol area, train protection, and so on), then - and hangar - is pre-flight, followed by a proper vylet.Upravlyat already quite difficult, although the basis of management - this cursor arrows ( climb, descend, turn) and Enter (bomb). You can make a loop. Graphically the game looks, as has been said, cute, but still very much cartoony and serious: she may even expect to children (although they are in a play will certainly not afford to), because even in the case of plane crash pilot did not die and be a funny scene in which the officer chastises him for failing the task. Verdict - first of all this game is valuable for its amazing rarity and the fact that it is not listed on any database on the games. But the gameplay is also very entertaining, the main thing - to deal with the way the game started, and in any case do not expect from it any serious "simulation" of the first combat aircraft. This is just an entertainment thing, albeit sometimes very difficult.
