Another unusual "luxury" - no information on the internet there is no on the game, either in its developer (who, incidentally, do not know for sure). Voodoo Lunch - this cartoon platformer with a side view, in terms of gameplay is very, very similar to the hundreds of other games of this genre, but somewhat different from their unusual world and almost social commentary. In this game the action takes place in Zalulande, but the time seems to have not adhered to any historical period (in any case, unlikely to Chuck was already born). The protagonist of the game - Zulu Twiggy (Twiggy), who was born a monster (though in fact it can not be called as such - it is just a little different from the fellow). elders also feared that such a person will bring a curse on their village, so we decided to do a very "original" : as soon as Twiggy little older, he was banished from his home and sent to hostile jungles of South Africa. His purpose in them - to find as many as possible of some "treasures" that he should then bring the priests of the tribe, so that they have brought an offering to the spirits of their patrons, so they took pity on them and unleash evil on the village in which I was born a monster. Choice at Twiggy was not ... Despite this sad and gloomy background, the game is made \u200b\u200bin a fun and colorful style of the best platformers of the "golden age" of the genre. Our hero to go through many levels filled with a variety of enemies and collect the bonuses, the most "treasures." There are four "life", but the die is pretty easy (if not in one hit). Among the enemies is as wild animals of the Black Continent - lions, monkeys - and terrible witches Voodoo cult. Graphically the game looks very bright and colorful, detail drawing backgrounds and characters - the highest. Verdict - a rare platform that makes something to think about and really empathize with harsh and unfair share of the main character, attractive, in addition, also awesome entourage ("African "games, alas, never much was not) and entertaining (and challenging!) gameplay. And if we think of its fantastic rarity, you can definitely recommend it to all fans of the genre and collectors of little-known but no less great games.
