War Planets: Age of Chaos is a real-time strategy game directly based on the Trendmaster"s War Planets toy line. It offers four armies each with their own planet, fighting each other. Krag are based on Rock, Biowolf on Bone, Kryos on Ice, and Darkones on the planet Beast. For each race scenario there are three practice levels followed by a normal level, and then a new one is opened up after each win. Each planet consists of three defense levels and then six ones were the other planets need to be weakened and defeated.

At the start of the game units are requisitioned ahead of time and are called in via a teleporter pad. Moving is done with a right click, shooting with the left mouse button. The troops need to be positioned carefully as they hurt each other when they are in a line of friendly fire. Only one unit can be moved at a time. Six types of units are offered per planet, and the amount that can be brought in depends on the energy available for teleportation. Missions generally revolve around defending or conquering a facility.

Rock has access to a mine tower, hovercraft, stealth tank, dozer, hero, and drone. Bone deploys a missile launcher, disk thrower, war dog, sawblade tank, hero, and drone. Ice enters battles with a jump jet launcher, death spinner, tank, grappletank, hero, and drone. Finally, Beast uses a darkjet launcher, darkwhaler, darktank, darklord, darkhero, and a drone.

Unknown (not widely known and not known at all!) Tactical strategy since late DOS"a, which now goes back to the players. plot of this game is very difficult to understand. In space, there are four planets - rocky, icy, technocratic and animal, which are similar to civilization negumanoidnyh creatures are ferocious is the worst - it has destroyed colonies of other civilizations on asteroids and generally tends to universal domination. The other three planets like as they concluded an alliance against the bestial world, but finally get on in the world, too, can not. In general, if only briefly - the four planets are between a war, sometimes entering into alliances. Union with animals no signs, but if you want to play for them - please. essence of the gameplay, as they say, is simple to explain and incredibly difficult for skillful execution. After selecting the planet, we have to go through several series of missions (only in a certain order, if everything will go - we get bonus). The game is pure tactics, no construction here. Before loading the mission we were shown a short briefing, which can not be ignored - for example, there you can tell what color will the troops and building allies, and what - the enemy, so you do not accidentally destroy the wrong ones. general sense of the game in the same sentence can be expressed as : you need to teleport their pre-selected troops to fight the enemy on the battlefield, and the union to protect their buildings and destroy other people"s houses. In practice, it looks like. Before the game begins, we show the currently available types of soldiers (I must say, a very original and unique to each civilization), each has a description with different characteristics (health, attack power, and so on) as well as some amount of conventional units, which will be spent its teleport in battle (it is different from all the stronger warrior - the more units to teleport required). limit is the original units on teleportation, and to start a mission, one needs to use it completely, "ordered" him to advance the different soldiers. Which ones - you decide, it is clear that you do not know, what is the enemy soldiers you will encounter, so - yes, in the game have to think more before the mission, but the elements of chance and luck are present. However, something can be corrected and in the mission. For example, any soldier at any time withdraw from the field - then the energy spent on moving it, you come back and you can call someone new. Please, do not be surprised that when the mission starts, no soldiers on the battlefield will not - because the default settings only determine how much and whom you are allowed to teleport himself teleportation process will take place already during the mission. The game can be only two types of structures - teleport and base; clear that you can not build them, they already have, but can be destroyed, their destruction leads to the loss of the mission. Base - it"s just a building, which must be protected, teleport used to call warriors. You can control them with the keyboard (in part), but you can get by with just the mouse, as soon as the mission began - the menu currently available warriors call someone, it appeared, we quickly gave him some orders (attack enemy building or approaching our union structure or an enemy soldier), then quickly summoned the next, and so on. Of course, the gameplay does not end there, but the general gist of it is set out above. The main difficulty of the game is that all of the above must be done very quickly, but at the same time to think who and where to send, because all creatures in their abilities are very different. graphics in the game is good, all the soldiers sprite, but very nicely done and original (perhaps a bit like a game - both on schedule and on atmosphere - Tone Rebellion , that just fine), the landscapes are very diverse. The sound is also there, I especially like the sound of the menu - the impression that you are right in the factory of hundreds of working machines, which, coupled with gloom (gloom here everywhere - in the menu, and in the game) creates a very right mood. verdict - not a perfect score, but almost. Game of the highest degree of habituation and tightening, very difficult, but very interesting, one of those that just does not come off, and yet terribly rare. Speaking of which, because of its features will surely enjoy as a fan of tactics and amateurs difficult arcades.
