Zig Zag Flag Shag contains ten puzzles in which the goal is to move from the left side of a seven by twelve grid to a specific space containing a flag located off of the right side of the grid.  To accomplish this goal, the player can move orthogonally or by using chess-style knight moves.  To make things more challenging, the player has a limited number of moves in each direction (which varies from level to level and by difficulty setting).  Additionally, some puzzle squares contain stop signs (which force the player to start over) or arrows (which automatically move the player to another square). The game also features synthesized speech through the PC speaker.

Very original and yet terribly rare puzzle game, ported to the PC with the computer Apple II. A specific scene in the game (which is good). Overall its meaning lies in the fact that throughout the ten levels, each more difficult previous, it is necessary first to specify using the white flag of the starting position, move the blue diamond from the left side of the screen to the right . Screen presents a mesh size of 7 (vertical) by 13 (H) cells. You can move in eight different directions (including diagonally), but the number of each "type" of moves is limited (ie, for example, you can only five times in the level to move forward), so the time limit in the game, but restriction on the number of moves easier it does not. For moving in a particular direction or that responds to a number key on the keyboard. cells contain many red icons - in these cells can not put a flag (and with each level the number is greater, and the location - confusing). Subsequently, the cells appear more arrows that automatically move the flag to the cell in the direction pointed to by. Graphics in puzzles, we usually do not appreciate: You can only say that the game has a few bright colors, making it possible not to get confused in the fact where everything is. All in all - a great example of a "game, which can not become obsolete": moderately difficult, but not to the stimulation, fun, relatively quiet and well suited for a quiet intellectual rest. In addition, as has been said, is a unique exhibit for any gaming collection of rarities, because until very recently, to find it on the internet was impossible.
