Once again, we face a most interesting creature, never left his small hometown, "sweet France," which is a mix of strategy and RPG. Action Zone is set in post-apocalyptic world after a global nuclear war. No, even the likes of left, survived only a small portion of mankind is divided into warring (and partially mutated) tribes and gangs, wandering the wastelands, which have become the continents in search of food and fuel for the few remaining machines. However, hunger, thirst, cold and heat can be experienced, but not radiation. All residents to change the earth well-known scary flying low to the ground black clouds, hitting the people who died in terrible agony. But some time ago, a timid light of hope seemed to be yet dawned: rumor has it that some old genius doctor was able to make a special serum that makes a person immune to these clouds. Unfortunately, it was soon killed by one of the gangs, and traces of a single instance of the serum were lost somewhere in the vast desert ... You take on the role of the commander of the brave men and women, "Wasteland stalkers" who decide to try their luck and look serum ( without going on a long journey "for years"). Total in group can be, depending on the complexity of the game, from eight to sixteen. Zone is actually a development of the ideas came out a little earlier Kristor , which is completely different in plot and entourage, but very similar in gameplay (although, admittedly is more diversified by introducing RPG elements). As there, we have our own "home base" in the desert, where it is possible and necessary to return periodically and that may well be subject to attack enemies (if at this moment there are no heroes on the base - its defense managed computer). Analog intelligence probes are Kristor"a own spies, who is saved into a unknown territory. Space battles here, of course, will not be, but is not less arcade battle in post-apocalyptic cars in the style of "Mad Max" is less exciting? .. However, the game - in any case not a "clone", and the thing is quite self-sufficient. Your team, hires before starting the game, consists of most of these individuals, and each of the characters is not only the character, but also a whole set of different levels of performance (strength, charisma, psionic abilities, and so on). While in the group, there are people of different sex, they - when folded a certain situation - can escape (!) Of the order (although this is only possible at very unsuccessful game on your part). scouts in the game paid perhaps the most important role. They look like a certainly not walking trackers and drivers of small fast Jeeps. Their main task - to report on the actions of rival clans (which also would not mind finding serum), but they have other problems: the search for a variety of resources (food, fuel, spare parts), communication with the friendly (potentially) the tribes and the exploration of the situation around the enemy bases. As the game - the strategy, then it is quite possible the production of military equipment is just one of those very parts. But connected with them two things: first, if you"ve found something (all resources), they should be as soon as possible to pick up, sending them the group with the truck (at least as much as you can pick up), otherwise they will soon find and take other gangs. Second, in your base is Design staff, who will collect the car and depends on his competence during their creation. Neutral nations can become your allies, if you can negotiate with them - for this also needs scouts. Finally, the enemy base, they found, can and must attack! Battle for the base - also separate regime. First - the traditional arcade battle, but if you win it, you can get inside (!) Base, where you will be like in a real RPG with a first-person spending sweep in a very complicated maze. Fortunately, automap somehow always attached. Go on to study the captured base one is not: it is best to take a physically strong fighter and psionics (role of the first self explanatory, but the second is needed to find the secret rooms where you might find something of value). Among the shortcomings noted that unless the game can be that the failure to fully control the transport convoys (you can only send them to a specific point something to pick up, but the route to it, they define themselves, and it is not always successful). The graphics in the game - only CGA, however, one must admit that this is precisely one of the most beautiful games in this palette, and dark backgrounds only give more atmospherics this dark and beautiful game. Verdict - another set of almost every genre of computer games in the "one". And again - at least not attempt failed, and at best - close to a masterpiece. Alas, for the game you want is not the poor knowledge of the French language, so that it is available not all (in contrast, however, from dictionaries, the use of which is a real rarity lovers never stop).
